So uh...I guess we should...make it official huh?
Uh... Look Rach... Hey Ross is here! Hey look! It's my good friend Ross. Hey Ross.
Hey and look he brought flowers. Thanks Ross, but I'm really more of a candy guy.
You're weird today. Listen I uh, wanted to talk to you about something.
Uh yeah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
Uh Joey, can you give us just a minute?
Oh, I'm sorry. I meant no.
Where's my granddaughter? I've been practicing my magic tricks.
He pulled a quarter out of my ear!
She went to pick up Aunt Liddy.
Oh, Aunt Liddy's coming? That means we get five dollars each!
So when do I get to meet Emma and show her this?
Uh Dad, Emma's in the nursery. I'll take you now. If you want, but I really want to talk to you.
I know, I still need to talk to you.
Oh hey but, before you guys do that I need to talk to you, and Ross, I need to talk to you.
Oh and I need to talk to you.
To see if know what these guys are talking about.
Look at her, my first grandchild.
Well of course Ben, I meant my first granddaughter. Wow.
Have umm, have you thought anymore about you and Rachel?
Oh well yeah, actually I was going to talk to her when you guys all came in the room.
Yay! It's so exciting! Wow, you could've done that with us there.
Oh sure okay, you can touch yourself in front of us but you can't talk to Rachel.
What?! When have I ever touched myself in front of you guys?
Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you instead of the TV. Oh, that reminds me. That Mr. Hasmeje still has my Gameboy.
Hey Chandler, can I talk to you for a second?
Dude I just did something terrible.
That was you?! I thought it was Jack!
No! No, that was Jack! Rachel thinks I asked her to marry me!
What?! Why does she think that?
Because it kinda looked like I did.
Okay well, I was down on one knee with the ring in my hand.
As we all are at some point during the day.
It wasn't my ring! It fell out of Ross's jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought I was proposing!
Ross had a ring?! And he was gonna propose?
And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how much he loves to propose!
I know! I know it's awful.
Oh God, what the hell am I going to tell him?
Well maybe you don't have to tell him anything.
If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your ass!
Now let's not get carried away.
Honey, we've been over this. I need to be facing the other way.
Come on! Come on, if we have sex again it'll double our chances of getting pregnant. Do you think that closet's still available?
I'm so tired. Yeah okay, but no foreplay.
Dad seriously! Y'know you really should see someone about that!
I wanna go talk to Rachel for a minute, are you gonna be okay alone for a bit?
Are you kidding me, I could stay and look at her forever.
Uhh... I think I just got engaged.
Oh my God! He did it?
Well...did you know he was gonna ask me?
Are you kidding? I'm like the one who talked him into it. I like to think of myself as the puppet master of the group.
And you really think this is a good idea?
I just talked him into it, don't tell me I have to do you too. The puppet master gets tired people.
I just don't know! It just doesn't feel right.
Why?! You two are so meant to be together, everybody thinks so.
Oh uh, hey Pheebs. Uh y'know what? I'll-I'll come back later.
Wow! Kind of uh, kind of a full house here. I'll guess just...I'll come back.
Although he does play with himself in his sleep.
I can't say that I'm surprised.
I think there are people in there having sex.
It can't be me, I'm standing right here.
Y'know what? I don't like you without mom. Come on.
Well I'm peeking. Oh my God!
Hey uh, is it okay to come in?
Of course! Oh Joey, this ring I...it's beautiful I love it!
Yeah uh look Rach, there's something I gotta tell ya.
Hey! Are you ready to try nursing again?
Yeah! Hi Emma. Hey, why do you think she won't take my breast?
It's all right honey, it takes some babies a while to get it, but don't worry. It'll happen.
Okay sweetie, you can do it. Just open up and put it in your mouth.
I'm sorry honey, what were you saying?
Oh uh-uh yeah, I think that.
Oh look, she's pulling away again! Do you think my nipples are too big for her mouth? She looks scared. Doesn't she look scared?
Y'know, I don't really know her.
Why don't we try massaging the breast to stimulate the flow.
It's just so frustrating! Why doesn't she want my breast?!
I don't know! Maybe she's crazy!
Congratulations! I didn't want to say anything in front of Joey 'cause I didn't know if he knew yet.
What, that we had a baby? Come on let's give him a little credit, although, he did eat a piece of plastic fruit earlier.
No! No, that you and Rachel are engaged!
Oh, it's a secret. Oh goodie! Yes! We haven't done the secret thing in a long time.
Phoebe, there is no secret. Okay? I didn't propose.
Are you lying? Is this like that time you tried to convince us that you were a doctor?
I am a doctor! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go and talk to Rachel myself.
All right, me too. Should we wake her up?
No! No, come on let her sleep! She's so exhausted.
What? Oh my God! She-she thinks we're engaged! Why? Why? Why would she think we're engaged?!
Perhaps because you gave her an engagement ring? Y'know Ross doctors are supposed to be smart.
I didn't give her that ring!
But you didn't give it to her?
But you were going to propose?
Huh, I might be losing interest in this.
Look. Look, my mom gave me that ring because she wanted me to propose to Rachel, but all I wanted to do is if she maybe...kinda...wanted ah...start...things up again.
Look, I didn't want to rush into anything. And it seemed like she didn't want to either. But I don't, I don't understand how any of this happened! What? Did she find the ring in my jacket, assume that I was going to propose, throw it on, and-and just start telling people?
No! No, she said you actually proposed to her.
Well I didn't! I didn't propose! Unless uh... Did I? I haven't slept in forty hours and...it does sound like something I would do.
Look, we can't stay in here forever.
Oh, I still can't believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn't make it to one of piano recitals, but this he sees!
This is okay. We're all adults here; there's nothing to be ashamed of. Now, let's put our underwear in our pockets and walk out the door.
Hi Dad! I can still call you that right?
Of course. I'll always be your dad.
I just want you to know that what you witnessed in there, that wasn't for fun.
Why? Why-why-would you-Wh-why... Look, I just don't want you to think that we're animals who do it whenever we want.
Oh, I don't think that. Before today I never thought of you two having sex at all. It was a simpler time.
The truth is, Dad, we're-we're trying.
Yeah, we're trying to get pregnant.
Oh my God! This is so exciting! Well, get back in there! I'll guard the door!
Well, that's okay dad, we-we can wait until later.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! I don't think so! Aren't you ovulating?
Well you gotta get at it princess! When your mother and I were trying to conceive you, whenever she was ovulating, bam, we did it. That's how I got my bad hip.
That's funny, this conversation's how I got the bullet hole in my head.
This one time I had my knee up on the sink and your mother, she was.
Daddy! I don't think we need to hear about the specific positions you and mom had sex.
You're right, you're right. This is about your positions. Now, what I saw in the closet is not the optimum position for conceiving a child, although it might feel good.
I don't feel good right now.
But pleasure is important, and it helps if the woman has an orgasm. You up to the task sailor?
Seriously sir, my brains? All over the wall.
Hey. I need to tell you something.
Well, now's a good time. I'm on my way to have my ears cut off.
Is he crazy?! You just had Ross's baby!
What?! Are you crazy? You just had Ross's baby! It's-it's so inappropriate. No, it's worse than that. It's wrong. It's... It is bigger than mine!
I know. Days of Our Lives, thank you very much.
Why not? I don't want to do this alone! And he's such a sweet guy and he loves me so much.
Honey, the question is...do you really want to marry Joey?
No. No, I don't. Could you be a dear and go tell him?
You still haven't told Rachel you weren't really proposing?
No! She had the ring on, she seemed so excited, and then she took her breast out.
Joey, you have to tell her what's going on! And what did it look like?!
I didn't look at it. Stupid baby's head was blocking most of it.
Go and tell Rachel right now before Ross finds out.
Look, it's not that easy. She said she wanted to marry me. I don't want to hurt her.
Okay, look, just do it gently.
You're right. You're right. I-I'll go tell her now before Ross finds out and I'll be gentle. I can do that. I am a gentle person. Oh, by the way. Two people screwing in there if you want to check that out.
Listen, I um... I heard about the engagement.
And confused. Rach, sweetie, I-I um...I didn't propose to you.
You didn't propose to me. Joey did.
Poor baby, you're so tired. Rach, I didn't propose to you, Joey didn't propose to you, and Chandler didn't propose to you.
Uh... You didn't propose to me, Chandler didn't propose to me, but Joey did.
Hey, wait! Wait-wait-wait! Joey, did you propose to her?
Well then why did you give me a ring?
Wait! Whoa-whoa, you...you gave her the ring?
No! No, and I did not ask her to marry me!
Yes, you did! And don't you say, "No, I didn't!"
He was right there. He got down on one knee and proposed.
Whoa! You were down on one knee?
Yeah. Yeah, that looks bad. But I didn't...I didn't propose!
Okay, the ring fell on the floor and I went down to pick it up and you thought I was proposing.
Yeah, but you said, "Will you marry me?"
Yes, you did-Oh my God you didn't! Well then why didn't you tell me that before?!
Well I tried, but people kept coming in and then you took your breast out!
Whoa! Hey! Whoa-whoa-whoa, you saw her breast?!
I'll tell you about it later. Be cool.
Well then Joey, what the hell were you doing with an engagement ring?!
It wasn't my ring! It's Ross's ring! That's why I felt so bad Rach, because he was going to propose.
You were gonna propose to me?
But I-I was going to see if y'know, maybe you uh, start dating again but that-I mean that-that was all, Rach.
Oh that's right. There's a lot going on here and I think I ate some bad fruit earlier.
Hey, she just woke up! She's hungry. Why don't we give this another try?
I can't believe you told her I was going to propose!
I can't believe you're not going to propose!
Hey, I'm not going to rush into anything!
Oh yeah, dude, I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to slow things down!
She's doing it Look, she's breast-feeding look!
I'll come back for her later.
Y'know what you guys? I'm uh, I'm gonna go too. And uh, I'm sorry about everything.
Honey don't worry, it was my mistake.
No, Rach, I should've told you sooner. It's just that...Man! That kid is going to town!
Look, I-I know it's not a proposal and I don't know where you are, but with everything that's been going on and with Emma and...I've been feeling.
I know. I know. I've feeling.
Okay, well, that... Wow, okay, well, umm...then maybe, at least we can, we can talk about us again.
Well good, okay. I-I, kind of think y'know if we...if You're wearing the ring.
And you told Phoebe you were engaged.
When you thought Joey proposed did...did you say yes?
Kids, I spoke to a doctor and picked up this pamphlets on how to get pregnant.
Sorry to bother you again, but could you pass my pamphlets back? Thank you.
Okay you have to realize, I was exhausted, I was emotional, I would have said yes to anybody. Like that time you and I got married! I'm not helping.
So you said yes to him, and you just had our baby?
That is right and traditionally the daddy is supposed to give the mummy a present but I am prepared to let that go.
So when I came in here to see if you wanted to maybe start things up again, you were engaged to my best friend.
Well-Really? I thought Chandler was your best friend.
Hey you guys I'm gonna take off. I just wanted to let you guys know, say goodbye.
This isn't the right room, sorry folks.
Ok, I don't wanna be negative so I'll say that most of the signs you bought are good.
No they ran out of "It's a girl" but I can fix this one, See?
Honey why don't you go lie down.
No, no, Ross and Rachel will be back soon and then I gotta go to the office Am I producing them?
Couldn't sleep last night you know, then I started worrying about this big divisional meeting that I have later today, the more I worried about it the more I couldn't sleep. Y'know? I was like, if I fall asleep now I'll get six hours sleep, but if I fall asleep now I'll get five hours sleep. Not matter what I did I couldn't fall asleep.
You know what you should've done, you should have told yourself that little story.
Oh you guys thanks for doing this.
Look at all the stuff people sent!
Oh Ah! Oh my gosh there's something every mother needs, a giant stuffed gorilla that takes up the entire apartment! What are people think... Oh you guys I love it.
He's downstairs getting the rest of the stuff out of the cab.
Is he still mad at us?
Well, you more then me, but he can't stay to mad at me. I mean, I just had his baby.
That's not fair! I can't do that.
Yeah, I'm not so sure you should be here when he comes up.
See this is what I was afraid of, I didn't think I should be here either but somebody said he'd be over it by now.
Hey, what do I know? I wanted to get a bigger gorilla.
The numbers we are seeing New York, Chicago, and London are consistently solid, but many of our officers have reported disappointing fields.
Boston is down, Atlanta is down, Houston is down, I could go on and on but instead of boring you I'll go straight to my forty two point plan.
She's just so cute! I just wanna bite her ear off and use it and a sucking candy.
Phoebe! But I could take one of those little feet and put it in a pita pocket.
Okay I put most of the stuff away.
Wow you guys got a hospital? Fancy!
No I left the diapers at the hospital! There's some in the bag but I'll run out and get some more.
Alright thanks, oh Ross could you stop by the coffee house and get me a muffin?
Umm let me think...What do I want, what d-o I w-a-n-t...
Please take your time, it's an important decision. Not like, say, I know! deciding to marry someone, this is about a muffin.
Wow, he's really not letting this go, is he?
God how long do you think that's gonna last?
I dunno, well he got over the "We were on a break" thing really quickly.
Y'know I can't even worry about that right now, cause I got the cutie little baby, oh I can't believe how much I love her, I can't get enough of her, like right now I miss her. I actually miss her.
Oh god look at her sleeping. Oh, I love her so much! Oh, I think I'm gonna wake her up.
Oh no, Rach, no no, you know you're never supposed to wake a sleeping baby.
Well I can do whatever I want! I made her! Come on little girl, hi!
I can say I told you so but she's kinda doing that for me.
Oh I'm sorry mummy's so sorry go back to sleep go back to sleep. Shh. Shhh! Go back to sleep.
It really does... how long do you think we have to stay?
Ok if everyone's on board, it's settled, Chandler, Chandler?
Then, problem solved. Chandler will be running our office in Tulsa. You're gonna love Oklahoma.
Well, alright, we already tried feeding her, changing her, burping her, oh try this one! Go back in time and listen to Phoebe!
Alright here's something, it says to try holding the baby close to your body and then swing her rapidly from side to side.
Oh oh no just stopped to throw up a little bit. Oh come on, what am I gonna do, its been hours and it won't stop crying.
Umm, she Rach, not it, she.
Oh my god, I am losing my mind.
Yeah, no kidding, this just proves no good can come from having sex with Ross!
Hey Gunther, can I get a couple of blueberry muffins to go?
So I guess Rachel had you baby?
Nope! I still can't believe she slept with you in the first place.
Huh? Ooh you mean like a... Huh?
Hey. Ross, I know you're pissed at me, but we have to talk about this.
Fine, fine okay. But I gotta say technically, I didn't even do anything wrong.
What! You didn't do anything wrong?!
Okay let's put aside that you "accidentally" picked up my grandmothers ring and you "accidentally" proposed to Rachel.
Look, can I just stop you right there for a second? When people do this I don't really know what that means. You were saying?
And I can even understand that you couldn't tell Rachel, but why couldn't you tell me, huh? You had all day to and you didn't.
I know I should've. "I'm sorry."
No, come on Ross! Look, Ross, we have to get past this.
No, look, I don't know what else to do. I said I'm sorry!
You should scream at me, or-or-or curse me, or hit me.
Why not? You'll feel better! I'll feel better, and you know you want to. I can see it in your eyes.
I'm sorry! It was a reflex!
Oh my god, this really hurts!!!
I couldn't help it! When a fist comes at your face, you duck! Look!
What is the matter with you?!?
You were supposed to duck!!! Why didn't you duck?
Why don't we talk about this on the way to the hospital?
Good, good yeah, maybe while we're there, they can check your reflexes. "Oops."
I know, that's why I said again!
Alright you guys, we can't turn on each other, Okay? That's just what she wants.
Monica can I talk to you outside for a minute?
Oh no, you guys, just stay here, I'm gonna go check her diaper, Pheebs you wanna come?
Oh I'm kinda part of this.
Actually Pheebs its more of a husband and wife kinda thing.
I knew I should have married Chandler.
Umm, you know how we always said that it would be fun to move to Paris for a year? You know, you could study French cooking and I could write and we could take a picnic along the Seine and go wine tasting in Bordeaux?
Okay, you know how that people say that Tulsa is the Paris of Oklahoma?
People who've never ever been to Paris.
Okay, Ms. McKenna, she kind of works above my boss, she asked me to move to Tulsa and be the president of our office there, and I was sleeping and apparently, said yes.
The Sooner State, whatever that is.
Chandler, I don't even wanna see the musical Oklahoma!
Really? Oh What A Beautiful Morning! Surrey With A Fringe On Top.
Are you trying to tell me that we're moving to Oklahoma, or that you're gay? All right, not that this matters, but did they at least offer you a huge raise?
No, no, but they are going to lease us a Ford Focus. I'll get out of it.
Oh she misunderstood, she thought she was moving to Tulsa.
Umm ma'am, do you have a minute? I kind of have some bad news. I don't think I can move to Tulsa.
It's a funny story, actually. I kind of fell asleep in the meeting this morning so when I said I'd move to Tulsa, I didn't really know what I was saying.
But only because I was up all night worried about this meeting, ain't that funny? Irony? Not a fan, alright . See, here's the thing. I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she won't go. See, me, I love Tulsa! Tulsa is heaven! Tulsa is Italy-Please don't make me go there!
No no no! Look, Carol, can I call you Carol? Wh-why would I when your name is Elaine? Oh what a great picture of your son, strapping! That's a picture of your daughter, isn't it, well she's lovely. I like a girl with a strong jaw. I'll call you from Tulsa.
Your thumb? That's weird. You sure you're punching right? Make a fist. Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible.
You know what, you can go, I just have to fill out some forms.
You, you want me to help you with that?
Why, does it look like I'm having trouble with my misshapen claw?
Name? I know Ross but what's it short for? You know like, like Rossel or Rosstepher.
It's pretty, Okay date of birth?
Actually I'm a palian... Dinosaurs is fine... the drawing is not.
Alright, who do you want as your emergency contact?
Okay, relationship, boy this could take a while.
Come on, you guys are more then that! I mean, you're gonna get together right?
I don't think that we are.
But you two were supposed to be together.
Well, I thought so too, but then she said she'd marry you.
Come on, Ross, that didn't mean anything! She just had the baby, she was all freaked out about doing it alone, she would have said yes to anybody.
So I don't wanna be just anybody.
You know what, it's, it's better this way anyway. I mean I don't know what I was thinking, going down that road again with us. It's just much easier if we're just friends who have a kid.
Yes. I mean, it's what we always planned. And if you have a plan, you should stick to it. That's why they call them plans. Hello? I'm fine.
Hey, for what it's worth, with Rachel I don't think you'll ever be just "anybody."
Oh my God! How long has she been crying?
About a week and a half.
Well alright, looks like you guys have got it under control so I'm just gonna go. No! Really? Misery really does love company. All right!
Rach, try holding her a different way.
You guys, I'm doing the best I can, anyone else is welcome to try.
Alright, I'll try, fine! Yes, Okay!
Shh! Nothing works with this child!
Oh god what am I gonna do you guys, I can't even comfort my own baby! I'm the worst mother ever!
You're just new at this, it'll get better, think about your first day at work. I mean, that couldn't have been easy but you figured that out.
Yeah I don't think dressing provocatively is going to help me here! Oh my god just please take her.
I have to go to the bathroom.
I have to go scream into a pillow.
Bouncy baby, Bouncy baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby.
It worked! Ooh baby baby baby, ooh baby baby baby!
You must be a fireball in bed.
I can't believe it! She's asleep! I got her to go to sleep! I have actual magical powers!
I can hear traffic and birds! I can hear the voices in my head again! I'm kidding.
Oh my God! You got her to stop crying!
Yes I did, I'm Monica, Super Aunt.
You are the official baby crier stopper!
That's your new job, day and night, she starts crying I need you here.
Thankfully you don't need me at all so Okay Super aunt see you later! Rachel let's give it six to eight months .
Okay so listen I'm gonna go lay down.
You know the book says that whenever she's sleeping I should be sleeping so...
Shhh! We just got her to go to sleep.
Oh so there can't be any yelling.
Shhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! I can't, I can't hear you.
Heeeeey, where have you been? What happened to you?
Ah I had a little thing with Joey, if you think this is bad you should see him.
Oh no Ross! This is not good, we have to talk about this Joey thing. Please sit. You have got to get over this Joey thing, okay? I never really wanted to marry Joey, okay?
You know what I really really want?
I wanna sleep, I wanna eat, I wanna take a shower, I mean before she wakes up and we gotta do this all over again.
I mean I got news for you mister, Emma? Not easy.
Well, that's what I'm here for. Want me to get that?
Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it!
You know, ah, I've been thinking about this and I gotta tell ya, it's not my fault. It's a natural instinct.
Hey, what you guys talking about?
Hey OK great, what would you do if I did this?
Hey! So what's the big news you had us rush all the way over here for?
Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being officially relocated.
How long do you have to go for?
They said it could be up to a year.
I kind of have to don't I? Because of this stupid thing.
There is nothing like the support of your loving wife, huh?
Wait a minute, you can't go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot, but we've got tickets to the Jets game next week.
I'm sorry buddy, but I don't think I'm gonna be able to make it.
We were gonna go see the Jets!
You can't go, I mean you're the glue that holds this group together!
I can't believe you guys are moving.
Thank you Joey. You know what? I'm not even sure I can have caffeine.
I went thru this with Ben and Carol. One cup of coffee won't affect your milk.
Yeah. Just to be sure I'm gonna call Dr. Wiener.
Rach, you don't have to call whenever you have a little question, okay? Trust me, I know this.
Rachel, I can see you dialing! I don't understand why...
I'm on the phone! Dr. Wiener?
It's so weird seeing Ross and Rachel with a baby. It's just so grown up.
I know, yeah. I feel like we're all growing up. Person named Wiener, God that kills me.
Look at you all grown up.
Actually, you know what? I am. That whole thing with Rachel made me realize that maybe I'm ready for a more serious relationship. You know? Like I'd like to meet a nice mature commitment-minded lady. And looks aren't as important as...Nah, she's gotta be hot.
You know, I might know somebody. Hey, how about you set me up with someone, and we double date!
I can do that, yeah. How is Friday?
Let's see! Oh, you know who's great? Sandy Poophack.
Yeah... All right, well that rules out Lana Titweiller.
You got out of the whole Tulsa thing?
Okay, I have news. You don't have to move to Tulsa. You can stay here and keep your job.
It's great! How? Chandler. Well my boss and I worked out a deal where I only have to be in Tulsa four days a week, so the other three I can be here with you.
So you're gonna be gone four days a week? No.
I'm sorry, are you just used to saying that?
No. I can't be away from you for that long.
Yeah, you're my husband. I'm not gonna live in a different state than you for 208 days out of the year.
That's fast math! We could use you in Tulsa.
Honey, thanks for trying to figure out a way, but if you're going to Tulsa, I wanna go with you.
Hey, you said that without gagging!
Excuse me? Oh yeah? Well, up yours too!
Rach, you can't call people at three in the morning.
Oh you know what, you sound just like his wife!
Was there anything you did wrong with Emma?
Yes, of course there is! Okay? I'm not insane!
Rach, I told you, you can't call him every time any little thing comes up.
Yeah well, not anymore I can't. He fired us! What are we gonna do? We have to find a pediatrician. Wait wait, Monica said that when you guys were growing up, you really liked your doctor. What was his name?
Dr. Gettleman? Yeah I know, I don't think that's a good idea. In fact, I think he's dead.
Argh! Why does everything happen to me?!
Rach, I promise first thing tomorrow we'll find another doctor, but I gotta get up early and I'm not feeling all that well.
What? What, do you mean you're not feeling well? What do you have? Is it Rubella? Because don't go near Emma, she has not had that shot.
You know? Come to think of it, it does feel Rubella-like!
Great! Now he's gonna know it was me!
So how is this for our big double date tonight?
Ooh, great! Just the reaction I was hoping for.
Yeah, so you found someone for me. You didn't forget?
Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen. She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't tell you how I know this, but she' not opposed to threesomes. So tell me some about my guy.
Come on, give me something. What's his name?
Mike? Okay! What's his last name?
Damnit! Is there no mystery left in romance anymore!?
All right, we'll se you and Mike at the restaurant in a couple hours.
Why did I have to say Mike? I don't know a Mike! Why couldn't I have said... There's no guy in there!
It's impossible to find a good doctor. I mean, how do you know the good ones from the ones who are gonna push their penis against your knee?
I know what she's talking about.
We've got to find a new pediatrician. Ross was getting sick last night, and I think Emma may have caught it.
Why don't you go see Dr. Gettleman?
He didn't die. I saw his daughter last week. Said he was fine. Her on the other hand, botched Botox.
Oh, great! Well, then I'm gonna take Emma to see him. I wonder why Ross said that he died.
Oh, maybe he was getting him confused with his childhood therapist.
Yeah, he used to have this recurring nightmare, just really freaked him out.
That I was going to eat him.
I gotta tell you, I can't believe I'm doing this with you. Although I did just get out of a nine-year relationship, so I guess I should be open and taking some risks.
Everything is gonna be fine. Just follow my lead, okay? All you have to do is pretend to be Mike.
Joey, this is Mary Ellen Jenkins. So, Mike, how do you and Joey know each other anyway?
How do I and Joey know each other? Wow, if I had a nickel for every time somebody has asked me that.
Yeah, we met in college. I mean, high school.
Wow, you guys go way back then. So what are you up to these days?
Actually, I just gave up my practice.
What? That's the kinda thing you usually run by me.
I always wanted to play piano professionally, and I figured if I don't do this now, I never will.
Wow, that's great! I liked that better than the law thing, so...
Which is why I waited until now to introduce you to Mike.
I thought you thought he was still a lawyer.
No, no, that's not what I meant. Let's get you a cocktail.
Looking for restaurant jobs for you in Tulsa.
'So Cheesy' also has an opening.
Honey, that's okay. I actually know this woman, Nancy, who's a restaurant biz head-hunter. Maybe she'll know of something.
Hi, Nancy. Hi, it's Monica Geller. I'm good. Listen, I'm looking for a job in Tulsa. Well yeah, my husband has been relocated...Because I love him! No, I don't want a job in New York. Javo is looking? Oh my God! He asked for me personally? Oh my God! Oh, wow, this is really flattering, but I'm moving to Tulsa. Yeah, so if you would tell Javo 'I'll take it!'
Hi, my name is Rachel Green, I have an appointment for Emma.
Dr. Gettleman is finishing up with a patient, he should be out shortly.
I think you just have a cold, it's definitely not Strep.
You even have to ask?! He is alive!
You know, it's so surprising that you and Joey have known each other for so long and I've never heard about you.
Yeah, that's because we had a bit of a falling out. Mike hit my mom with a car.
That's okay Mike, I have forgiven you. And now we're friends again everything's great! Mary Ellen Wait, is your mom okay?
Please, we're trying to have a conversation.
'Days of Our Lives'! That's why you look so familiar!
Do you not know each other?
Of course we do! Mike is playing a game that we used to play in high school. Yeah, where we pretend we don't know each other. We played all kinds of games. Hey, remember the one where I punch you in the face for not being cool?!
Mike, let me ask you something. How many sisters does Joey have?
What are you doing? I said seven! Argh!!!
Joey, why did you set me up with a stranger?
Because I forgot about our date, I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry too. And just to be clear, I didn't hit his mother with a car.
You are unbelievable! I spent so much time finding the perfect girl for you, you know. Mary Ellen is really smart and cute and loose.
Who are you kidding? You just find some guy off the street for me? Oh God! This is humiliating!
Look Phoebe I'm so sorry! Hey, look, if you don't like this guy I can find you a better one. Mike!! Mike!!
I'll stay if you can tell me my name.
Honey, we're leaving tomorrow you've still got a lot of packing to do.
You're right. Maybe I shouldn't go.
So Nancy told me about this job at this great restaurant, Javo . It's just a little outside of Tulsa.
And you're thinking of taking it? So before you said being me with me was more important than any job, but I guess now it's old job, me, new job.
I'm gonna miss this hand! Okay I know it's a lot to ask, but oh my God Chandler, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Well, if you really think about it, I mean four days is not that long. I mean, I see you Monday before you go to work, and I see you Thursday when you get back, and I always work late on Tuesdays, so really if you think about it, it's really just one day. And well, if we can't make it one day, we've got real problems my friend.
I think you should take the job.
Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you start chattering like a monkey.
That's the nicest anyone has ever said to me!
Oh, I really liked him. Yeah, it was really, really, really good.
You promised you wouldn't say anything.
I know. Ross still sees his pediatrician!!! I don't care!
Are you serious? You still see Dr. Gettleman?
Ross, seriously! You've gotta go to an appropriate doctor.
Why? Why? I know it's a little weird, but hey, he's a great doctor, okay? He knows my medical history, and every time I go in there, he makes a big deal. 'Ah look, it's my favorite patient!'
Does he say that before he sticks his thermometer in your touchy?
Hey, I seem to remember someone bringing his security blanket to college!
That was not a security blanket! That was a wall-hanging!
It didn't spend much time on the wall!!!
Excuse me, hi. I was hoping I would run into you. Can we talk?
I'm sorry, really, I'm so embarrassed. Really, I'm a pretty nice guy. Just ask my parole officer...Apparently I'm not a funny guy.
Why did you go along with that?
Because I was told I'd get a free dinner, which I didn't. And that I'd meet a pretty girl. Which I did.
That's true. Well, is anything you told me about yourself true?
My name in Mike, and I do play piano.
That wouldn't stand in the way of a true pianist.
You are really good! I play a little guitar myself.
That's great. What kind of music do you play?
Do you think that maybe, sometime, I could...
It's okay. Go ahead, ask me out.
Okay. Do you think maybe sometime I could take you out?
Oh, you just caught me off guard! Yeah, that would be nice.
Look at this. My two best friends!
Excuse me, I don't mean to be a jerk, but the baby with the rash came in after me.
The doctor will be right with you sir.
With the circus? He's behind the elephant.
Wow, so your child is a big fan of the Waldo books too?
Yeah, that's how I know. I'm Ross by the way.
Hi, I'm Sally. So, no ring. Can I assume you are also a single parent?
It's hard isn't it? There's almost no time for a social life. I mean, where are you gonna meet someone?
Well, let's say, I don't know, you met someone in the pediatrician's office.
Hmm, yeah. Come on Ross jr. It's time to go in.
Mommy, what's wrong with that man?
Hey, I helped you find Waldo!
Oh good, you haven't left yet.
I got held up at Dr. Gettleman's office. There was some guy that freaked everybody out.
Well, you got here just in time. I really have to go buddy.
Promise to call me when you land.
Of course I will call you. I love you.
Okay, wow, wow, wow. Watch the tongue people, we've got a baby over here.
I'm mad at you for leaving! You're nothing but a big leaver. Big leaver with a stupid suitcase.
Any chance you are trying to pick a fight to make all this easier?
Dude, you see right thru me!!
Well, bye Mon, bye Ross, Rachel, bye Emma!
Chandler, wait. It goes: Old job, new job, you. This is just something I have to do.
Don't worry, I'll be back before you know it. Yes it will be the same. Because I know, that's how. I promise.
Double promise? Call me when you land.
Oh hey Ross oh I'm so glad someone's here could you zip me up?
Thank you. Can you believe no-one between my apartment and here offered to do that for me?
people so why you all dressed up.
oh umm Mike's picking me up for a date.
oh yea now um how is that going, is it getting serious?
oh I dunno I dunno, you know I mean I like him but am I ready to take my grade a loins off the meat market.
you know I really admire your whole dating attitude, it's so healthy I'm always like is this moving to fast? Is this moving to slow? Where's this going?
yea you know you are a bit of a drama queen.
but you, your so much better off you just go from guy to guy having fun and never worrying that it terns into anything serious.
I wouldn't say never, you know there's that guy well what about ok well there's gotta be someone.
There isn't that's what I'm saying.
I know and yet here you are all ready for the next date.
I can't believe I never realized this before, I'm in my thirty's and never been in a long-term relationship oh my god what's wrong with me.
no, no, no there's nothing wrong with you I mean you don't strike me as the type of person that wants to get married anyway.
please don't cry because of me pheebs I don't know what I'm talking about, I've been divorced three times.
least you've been married, OH MY GOD! I wanna trade lives with Ross.
nothing, I'm excited about our date, Mike this is Ross Geller this is Mike Haaaaa.
Hey, so are you sure your ready to go.
uh huh how do I look.
do you have a compact in your purse?
Hey, this girl won't turn around and I can't tell whether she's hot or not, what do you think?
: Joey I am not going to objectify woman with you but if her face is as nice as her ass woah mamma.
Alright thanks, Oh hey have you talked to Chandler?
: yeah he has to stay in Tulsa this weekend.
: he has to work, there's some rush on the big ah damn it one of these days I'm really gonna have to start listening when he talks about his job.
oh why don't you fly out there and surprise him.
: maybe I will go yea will have a second honeymoon at the Tulsa romana.
oh and you know what you should bring the black see-through teddy with the attached garters.
: how do you know I have one of those?
I said I think you're hot and now I'm embarrassed.
oh I thought you said Hi.
that would've been better, I'll try that Hi I'm Joey.
look I don't usually ask out women that I meet in coffeehouses.
I would love to go out with you.
really, great, did I actually ask you?
no that's just where you were going I just figured that I'd help you out, you don't seem like the kind of guy that does this very a lot.
seriously Gunther you should see someone about that cold, if it gets much worse you could DIE!
well it was awful every time I thought about what you said I started crying.
would you call this girl? thanks-fo-r-a-love-ly-even-ing.
now I feel terrible this is all my fault.
well you not what you should feel terrible about, this could have been my serious guy he was sweet and smart and funny. Do you know how hard it is to meet a guy like that?
yeah and hey thanks again for letting me having that last piece of cake at the restaurant.
your welcome again, I'm gonna make some coffee can I get you anything?
Hey Mike sorry to just drop by like this, can I come in?
I'm Ross, Phoebe's friend from the coffeehouse.
yeah I really, really need to talk to you about something.
Ok, unless you're not gonna try to get me to join a cult are you?
oh it's just you have that look.
oh no yeah, no Phoebe is great, but umm I'm an idiot look right before you guys went out I accidentally got her all upset.
yes, yeah I said something stupid about her never having had a serious relationship, but you should know she is so much fun, a wonderful person please don't blow her off.
I'm not blowing her off, I actually just got off the phone with her, were going out tomorrow night, I mean I hope that's ok with you stranger from the coffee house.
well then I didn't need to bother you or the four other Mike Hanagens I bothered.
hey wait wait wait wait wait! Is that true what you said Phoebe's never had a serious relationship?
of course she has. if she'd never had a serious relationship I'd go round broadcasting it like some unstoppable moron.
yes, yes I did. and I will also say what I'm about to say Vis-a-vis the following Phoebe has never had a serious relationship since her. super-serious relationship with. Vicrum.
Oklahoma where the wind comes sweeping down the plane, STOP IT! Why couldn't they have sent me to Texas? 7 o clock maybe I'll hit the gym who am I kidding pay-per-view porn. -Cuts to Monica.
DO NOT DISTURB DO NOT DISTURB! Monica:
everything's great, just watching some regular television there, what a pleasant surprise.
: I'm gonna go freshen up ok.
Ok honey. that was close. -Cut to Rachel.
: Hey Rach its me ok I just got the Chandler's room and I caught him molesting himself.
Oh that couldn't have been pretty. but you know guys do that.
: yea well the weird part is... he was getting off to a shark attack show!
: Yes! Chandler Watches Shark Porn!
well watching sharks? Are you sure that's what he was doing?
: do you know how many times I've seen him jump up like that, believe me I know what he was doing.
man sharks. I always knew there was something weird about that dude. But you promised to love him no matter what.
: what means if he gets like a disease or kills someone. not if he gets his jollys to jaws!
Ah! You know what honey guys are just different, they like things that we can't understand, you know I once dated this guy who wanted to pretend he was an archeologist and I was a naughty cave woman that he unfroze from a block of ice.
: Eww are you talking about my bother.
yeah I didn't disguise that very well did i.
listen to this... I went out with this girl last night and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
so basically you've slept with all the woman in New York and now you're just going around again.
well that's not even the weird part. I don't think she remembered sleeping with me.
: But you don't remember sleeping with her.
yeah but she should remember sleeping with me I am very memorable, you guys know.
what, how do we know, we never slept with you.
: what's the big deal, you forgot, she forgot, maybe you were having an off night.
HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes when I'm a little bloated I don't feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN I'M BETTER THEN MOST!
: Honey why don't you just let it go and ask her out again.
yeah your both so slutty you don't even remember who you've slept with, you're made for each other.
Interesting. all right I'll go out with her again and try to get past it OH SALT BLOATY!
: you don't think sharks are sexy do you?
No. wait a minute what was the little mermaid?
HEY! Mike called were going out again! YAY! YAY!
YAY! quick thing, I went to talk to Mike.
oh boy you got mad at that part. I went over there to tell him how great you are but you know me BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, and I ended up telling him that.
umm. that you had a six year long relationship with a guy named Vicrum.
well he seemed to bum hard that you'd never been in a serious relationship.
If you hadn't just had a baby with my best friend I swear to Lucifer a raber dog would be feasting on your danglers RIGHT NOW!
well Phoebe, I think you'll feel better when you know a little bit about Vicrum, His a Kite designer and he used to date Oprah.
I'm not going along with some lie you made Ross, No I'm just gonna be honest with him.
Good yeah just be honest with him.
yeah I've nothing to be ashamed of ok so I haven't been in a relationship that lasted longer then a month. Ok I haven't had a real boyfriend you know if he can't handle that he can leave. which he will and that's ok. so I'll just be alone forever you know alright I'll be. it'll be fine. it'll be fine. I'll go walking tours with widows and lesbians. Oh.
You know I'm trying to think of the last time I opened a door and you weren't there, Phoebe are you ok?
Uh huh yeah there's just something umm, there's something you should know Vicrum just called.
so it was kind of a shock after 25 years of marriage my parents, a perfect couple getting divorced, I kinda took it the hardest cause I was the youngest.
Uh huh, sure, yeah. How can you not remember me?
How could you not remember that we slept together?
I really, really think I would remember sleeping with you.
come on, come on, search your brain all right. it was a certain amount of time ago, I was here you were here, we had sex here, here, here NOT there. Anything?
no it's not ringing any bells.
my god woman! How many people do you have to had been with not to remember any of this?
Hey Hayley you've really gotta fix that doorknob. Joey!
Ooooooooooh, I slept with you! And you obviously remember me Hey! I still got it. so were good. I'll let myself out.
.and I said Vicrum you can't just call every time you get lonely you know, you, you gave up that right when you slept with Rachel.
But Rachel I thought she just had a baby with Ross.
yeah well yeah you know Emma's birth certificate might say Geller but her eyes say Mookurgee.
that is so wrong and on top of that his a glue sniffer.
I know but he call's and my heart goes to him. You know that bastard is one smooth talking free lance kite designer.
I just think there's somebody better out there for you, I mean I'm not saying me but. maybe me.
and you don't have to worry about glue sniffing with me. although I do smell the occasional magic marker, yeah ah anyway I just think I can make you happy.
well there is no Vicrum, Ross made him up because I never really have been in a long-term relationship, I've never lived with a guy, and I've never even celebrated an anniversary so. if that's too weird for you and you wanna leave I totally understand. In fact I'll close my eye's make it less awkward You kissed me.
so you don't think I'm a total freak.
No. well look can I think your weird and also cool for telling me the truth and also wanna kiss you.
I guess so, can I. can I think it's cool that you kiss me and also wanna kiss you again and umm, be a little concerned about the magic markers.
: Hi, how was your flight?
: Here why don't you sit down, get yourself comfortable because I. have a little surprise for you.
well, well, well it must be five in Tulsa because it's six o clock IN NY.C!
: Ok This is how much I love you.
Honey why am I watching a bunch of sharks swimming around.
: Is this not the good part? Do you want me to fast forward to something a little toothier.
no I'm not quite sure you got the right movie that's all.
: Oh well this is the only one they had at our video store, but they did have something called crocodile killers. Or does it always have to be sharks?
does what always have to be sharks.
: Honey look we can do something else, do you want me to get into the tub and thrash.
: sweetie it's ok, I still love you, let me be a part of this.
let ME be a part of this!
: I saw what you were doing in Tulsa. angry sharks turn you on!
: then why were you watching them and giving YOURSELF a treat.
OH MY GOD! When you came in I switched the channel, I was just watching regular porn.
yeah just some good old fashion girl on girl American action.
: I cannot tell you how happy that makes me!
You are an amazing wife. No really you're amazing you were actually gonna do this for me, I mean where do you find the strength and understanding over something like that.
: Im very, very drunk right now.
see ordinarily I would talk to her, but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with her?
you know maybe this is a wake up call, about your whole dating attitude. Your in your thirty's and you've never had a serious relationship and you have never been in a long term relationship, here you go from woman to woman, meaningless experience to meaningless experience never even worrying that it doesn't tern into anything serious.
your right! I love my life! I actually did sleep with her.
Oh hey you guys, I couldn't get a reservation for the night of my birthday, so we have to do dinner Thursday night instead.
So, so, is Mike coming to dinner?
No! It's my first birthday with a boyfriend, and he has to work. Uch, I get mad at him, but I think it's a little to soon to show my true colors.
Pheebs, I would make a reservation for five, because one of us has to stay home and watch Emma. Which one of us should go to dinner?
Actually, um, I was thinking maybe both of us could go.
Thanks, I put a lot of extra thoughts on your gift.
Alright, okay, so we can all go now. That is fun. Hey, you know what? We all haven't been together the six of us in such a long time.
What are you talking about? We're all together right now.
Good morning everyone, it's nice to see our team together for the first time. Now, before we get started, are there any questions? Yes, Ken is it?
That's right. Is it true, that the reason you are here in Tulsa is that you fell asleep in a meeting and took the job without realizing what you were saying yes to?
I'm sorry. Does the smoke bother you?
No, no, no-no-no. I smoked for years, then I quit. Right now, I can't remember why. You're not allowed to smoke in this office. Not right?
Yes, in Oklahoma it's legal to smoke in offices with fifteen people or less. Would you like one?
Alright, lo...look. I don't smoke anymore. But if the rest of you want to light up, go ahead, it's fine. So you all smoke then? That's almost rude, that I'm not.
That's not true. If you don't wanna smoke ...
Ken, please! No, I can't, I can't smoke. If I smoke, my wife would kill me.
I'm sorry, but isn't your wife back in New York?
Wow, so glad I changed. Almost wore my ??? outfit that can't contain my breasts.
This is not, what I'm wearing. I'm ovulating and Chandler's gonna be home any minute, so I thought we would try before dinner.
Ohh. Oh wait! you guys won't be late for my dinner, will you?
Believe me, Chandler and I have not seen each other in over a week. We'll probably be the first ones there.
'kay, see you there. Happy humping! Hey...hey! Oh, wow, somebody smoked out here? Oh my god, don't people know, you're not allowed to smoke in public spaces?
Actually, in Oklahoma smoking is legal in all commune areas and offices with fewer than fifteen people.
No! I just happened t'do a lot trivias about smoking in different states. For example, in Hawaii cigarettes are called Leyhallalookoos.
Uch, do you think, Monica is gonna be able smell it?
Are you kidding? The woman has the nose of a bloodhound ... and the breasts of a Greek goddess.
Okay, something to cover the smell ... Oven cleaner! Unscented!
Welcome home. I've missed you. join me in the bedroom?
O-kay, so you wanna play it that way, do you?
Right. You know what? Actually I just get off the plane, so I'm feeling kinda gross. Maybe I should just take a shower.
Alright, the truth is, I soiled myself during some turbulences.
What do I smell? I smell smoke. Huh-did you smoke?
Yes, but I just had one. Two. Two tiny cigarettes. Okay, five. A pack. Two pack...a...a carton. Three big fat cartons in two days. But it's over, I made a decision, I'm not gonna smoke anymore.
Alright, we'll just, uh, see when you get here. Bye. Huh, that was my mom, she's stuck in terrible traffic.
Okay, well that's now the third sign that I should not leave Emma.
Oh, what were the other two?
Well, let's see. The first one is: I don't want to. And, you know, I'm not going.
I know, it's the first time, we're leaving the baby and ... hey, I know how hard it is for you, but ... but Emma is gonna be fine. My mom is gonna be with her. She's great with kids.
Hey, you only heard Monica's side of that. That little fatso was a terror.
Ish. I just don't think I can bear it.
Rachel, I know that you can. And you should.
Really, it would be good for you and in fact, why don't you, why don't you go ahead to the restaurant and I will wait for my mom and then I'll meet you there.
No, no, really. You should go. Just go! Go! Go out! Really, the world is your oyster. Kick up the heels. Paint the town red.
You need to learn some new slang.
I'm serious. C'mon, you should go. Here. No, uh-uh, just go.
No! No, you know what? You , the baby's fine, now squam . Yeah, story walking.
I was just going to say that I left my keys.
Oh, holy molly are we in a pickle now.
Where is everyone? They're forty minutes late.
I'm starving. I know we were coming here tonight, I ate nothing all day.
What about me, he? Only had one lunch today.
Soo, are we expecting the rest of our party shortly?
Yes, they are expected presently. Yeah, yeah um, their arrival is in the offing.
Right. We do have a table for two available, perhaps you would be more comfortable.
Joseph! Thou needn't worry, they shan't be long.
It's just that we do have some large parties waiting.
One really does have a stick up one's ass. Doesn't one?
How can you smoke in this day of age? Do you not seen that ad with a little kid walks to grandpa, it's chilling.
I messed up, it was a meeting, everybody was smoking.
So what? Don't you have any will power?
Will power? I've watch home movies of you eating ding-dongs without taking the tin foil off.
'kay, look: Can we just drop this? I'm not gonna smoke again.
That's right, because I forbid you to smoke again.
You know, I flew a long way t see my loving wife? Is she here by the way?
Don't joke with me, okay? I'm very, very upset right now.
Oh, would you say this was the most upset you could be?
Then, I might as well ... do this . Not really sure what to do now.
Well, I'll tell you what we're gonna do: We are already late for Phoebe's birthday dinner, so you point out put out that cigarette, we're gonna put this fight on hold and go have sex.
Sex! This is the last day I'm ovulating, and when we don't do it now, we'll have to wait till next month.
Right, fine, I'll do it, but no talking.
Oh good, I hate it when you do that.
And lots of kissing your neck.
Okay, well the ??? is not home.
Oh-oh, wait, my mother is gonna be here any minute. And she has the keys.
Alright, I can't, I can't wait that long. You have to do something-knock that door down!
I would, but I bruise like a peach. Besides, y...you know, everything is gonna be fine. The baby's sleeping.
What if she jumped out the bassinet?
Can't hold her own head up, but yeah jumped.
Oh my god, I left the water running.
Rach you did not leave the water running. Please, just pull yourself together, okay?
Ah, did I leave the stove on?
Is the window open? Because if there's a window open, a bird could fly in there.
Oh my god, you know what, yeah, I think you're right. I think ... listen, listen!
A pigeon, a pigeon. No, no wait, no-no, an eagle flew in. Landed on the stove and caught fire. The baby, seeing this, jumps across the apartment to the mighty bird's aid. The eagle, however, misconstrues as an act of aggression and grabs the baby on its talon. Meanwhile the faucet fills the apartment with water. Baby and bird still up lays are locked in a death grip, swirling around the whirl pool, that fills the apartment.
Boy, are you gonna be sorry if that's true.
It's been an hour. ??? be willing to reconsider switching to a smaller table.
Maybe we should just eat now.
You can't order until your entire party has arrived. Restaurant policy.
But it happens? I'm gotta go to the bathroom.
No, you can't go. No-no-no, I can't hold this table on my own. If they ask me to move, I cave.
If you ask me to stay, I'll pee.
Good evening, Miss. Miss? Miss? Miss!
Okay, fine, I'll move. Alright, you don't have to manhandle me. Where? Okay. Thank you. Wach.
Finally you guys made it. Pheebs, who the hell-uhuhh!
Spend more time with the tie. That'll make a baby.
Look, I can't do this. I can't make luv to you while we're fighting this way.
Oh sure, now you're Mister Sensitivity. But when you wanted to have sex right after my uncle's funeral.
That was a celebration of life. Alright, look, I'm not gonna do this. Alright, is this really the way you want a baby to be conceived?
No, you're right. Mnya, we shouldn't do it like this. Huch. For what it's worth, I'm, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come down on you so hard about the smoking. So you had a few cigarettes, not the end of the world.
You are incredible. Unless, I...I'm not gonna smoke again. And if I do, I promise, I will hide it so much better from you.
Och, god. Oh, thank god, you're okay. I'm so sorry we left you. Mom never gonna leave you again. Never ever ever again. Uch.
Oh no. I mean it. After what just happened, I'm never leaving her again.
I understand, separation is hard. One time I was about to leave Ross to go to the beauty parlor and he got so upset, he took off all his clothes, tucked his ??? between his legs and cried out: "Mommy, I'm a girl, take me with you."
Somehow over time it got easier to be apart from you.
You know what? Let's not talk.
Uch. I am still so mad at you for smoking.
But you said you forgave me. It was just a couple of cigarettes-no big deal.
I was just saying that because I was ovulating and you said you wouldn't have sex with me while we're fighting.
You tricked me to get me into bed?
Well, I guess they're not coming. You wanna just order?
Thank you. Waiter! 'lright, this is gonna be fast, so try to keep up: Risotto with the shaped truffles and the roasted rip steak with the golden Chanterelles and a Bordelaise sauce and that any that stuff I just said means snails.
Tomato tart and which of the pastas would you recommend?
Oh, uh, again. Can I make a special request: Can you bring everything as soon as it's ready? Appetizers, entrees, we don't care.
I'll just wait to put your order in.
You guys are over an hour late. What happened to you two?
We got locked out of the apartment, we ...
That's a great story-can I eat it?
And then Rachel wasn't sure she could leave the baby.
N-it wasn't easy, but it's your birthday and I did what I got to do.
And that's Judy over there at the bar with Emma?
Oh honey, this is for the best, thus I'm not distracted, worrying about Emma, how she's doing at home and I'm being completely here with you and, oh, she spit up!
She spit up. Judy! She spi...Judy! Look alive, Judy! Thank you.
Oh, ooh, everything looks delicious. What should I ha-ave? What should I have?
Never hit a woman. Never hit a woman.
Ross bruises like a peach. He bruises like a peach.
Okay, I'll have the fixed salad and the duck.
Yah, I'll have the soup and the salmon.
And remember whatever comes up first. Okay? And hurry, because ...
Well, we had a little fight.
I would never lie to get someone into bed.
You used to tell girls you were a Kennedy. Ooh, uh, thanks. Wow, little tight, isn't it? How d'you get a bigger table? You-you had a big table, but they made you move. Huh-huh, shut up Monica. Whoo, I suppose that Chandler will have the smoked duck.
I suppose that Monica will have the ... manipulative shrew.
Why are you going? He said, she wanted the shrew!
Rach, c'mon, Emma is fine. You're turning into an obsessive mother. Okay, you need to stop.
Y'guys ever heard the story about when Rosses mom went to the beauty salon?
You guys, we've been waiting for you for a long time, maybe you should order.
No, no, it's okay, I already told the waiter what they want.
Okay, as everybody has ordered, I would like to start the celebration and make a toast ... to Phoebe. She dropped her sock.
Mom's here? I wanted to have lunch with her today, she told me she was out of town.
Ross, she still has not noticed that the baby's sock is on the ground.
Could you please get her attention?
Oh, for god's sake, Judy, pick up the sock! Pick up the sock! Pick up the sock! I'm sorry, was that rude? Di-did my, my li-little outburst blunt the hideousness that is this evening? Look, I know, you all have a lot going on, but all I wanted to do was have dinner with my friends on my birthday. And you are all so late and you didn't even have the courtesy to call. Well, it's too late now.
well, this is, this is, this is not over! Hello?
Well, what is going on with you two?
Oh yeah, that's what she says. But maybe you're not ovulating at all, maybe it's just a clever ruse to get me into bed.
Yes smokie, that is what it was. I just can't get enough.
You not gonna believe this: She lied! She tricked me into having sex with her.
What's the matter with me? Why I'm such a girl?
Phoebe, hi, we're so sorry. You're totally right. We are here one hundred per cent and we love you and we are ready to start your birthday celebration.
Mhuh, guys, that means the world to me. Huh, nkay, I'm gonna take off.
Oh, I love you guys too, but Mike got off work early. Wait. Wait, I'm not t-not that kind of girl that just ditches her friends to be with her boyfriend. You know what? I am. Bye guys! Judy! Bye.
Oh thank god, if Phoebe's going, can we please take Emma home?
You know, I think that's a good idea-our babysitter just pounded in another Chardonnet. Bye, y'guys.
See ya. Well, this is just us.
So, I'm, I'm probably still ovulating. Do you want to give it another try?
So you never had sex with a Kennedy, have you?
Do, do you gonna do it now?
We don't have much time. Once the egg descended the oviduct ...
I sincerely hope the rest of your party is returning.
Nah, just me. All alone. Dinner for six for one, uh, you boys are about to see something really special.
Excellent. The shrew in particular was exclusive.
Well, I hope, you got some room left.
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear ...
... Joey, happy birthday to you.
YOU BET YOUR ASS I AM! I just had the best first day ever! The kitchen: twice as big as Allessandro's.
Yeah, a-a-and clean. Not just health department clean... Monica clean.
Oh, and the people are so nice. There's this one guy, Geoffrey, he's the Maitre D., Chandler, you will love him. He is without a doubt, the funniest guy I have ever met.
You need both hands for that?
Yeah, I kinda do. Well, how's this?
Aaahhh, look at you two... holding hands... huh is this getting serious? Have you not talked about it yet? Am I making you uncomfortable? If you were bigger you'd hit me, huh...? Aaaaaahhhhhh.
I'm sorry... I'm sorry. It's obviously way too early for us to be... having that conversation.
Okay, when I got divorced, I didn't think I'd feel this way about someone for a really long time... Then again, I didn't think I'd meet someone like you... and... this may be crazy soon, but... I want you to have this... No, not... that's gum. Ooh, five bucks... I love it when that happens, you know... Think no note's there...
I know Mike, why don't you keep digging?
Oh, it's a key. To be honest, I think I'd prefer the five dollars.
Oh wow, ooh! Ooh, big step for Phoebe and Mike.
Yeah, look, and I don't want you to feel like you have to give me your key just because...
Yeah... ooh... wow... Even started to think I'd never meet someone that, you know, I wanted to... do this with. Here you go.
Oh, I know it... It is amazing these little things open doors... huh!
So I don't go back to work for another four weeks, but we would like our nanny to start right away, so that Emma could get a chance to know her.
I think that's really smart. The easier we can make the transition for her, the better.
That's great, great. So do you have any questions for us?
Allright. Well thank you so much for coming...
Really nice to meet you... and we'll call you.
Oh, you know, wait. I do have one question. Do you guys do random drug testing?
Boy, we uhm... hadn't really thought of that.
That's cool. But... but if you do, I'm gonna need three days notice.
Okidoki! Wow! We're never gonna find a nanny.
Oh, come on Rach, we will. I promise. We have more interviews And worse comes to worse, we can always reconsider the uhm... the first one we met with.
What, the blonde with no bra?
She was blonde? Just a sec.! Okay, okay. This one's name is Sandy. She's got a degree in early childhood education, uhm... she worked for her last family for three years.
Hi! I-i-is this a bad time?
No! It's a great time, come in...! WOW, hi... Oh my gosh! What are you doing here? Are you back from Minsk?
Well, just for a couple of days, uhm... I'm here to explain to the people who gave us our grant, why it's a positive thing that we spent all their money and uhm... accomplished uhm... nothing.
Who cares, it got you here.
Well, it got me to New York anyway, and then I got on a cab at the airport, and the guy said where to? and I just... gave him your address I... I... I didn't even think about it.
A-Allright, well... I'll call the cab company.
Wa... wa... wait! We can... call them later. Can you just... just stand there f-f-for a moment? Boy! There's an old Russian expression, uhm... it goes: Schto ya ztez vigul... ui! Roughly translated that means uhm... This thing that I'm looking at: wow!
Thank you! God, no! You should see me when... Oh actually, no, I look pretty good.
Are... are you kidding? You know, when you don't see someone for a long time, a-a-and you kind of build them up in your head and you start thinking about: Come on, don't be crazy. Nobody is that beautiful, but... well, you are. Well, so, uhm... are you seeing... anyone?
I'm... I'm just... I'm the worst person ever. How can I not tell David that I'm seeing Mike?
Maybe he didn't give you a chance.
He said: Are you seeing someone? And I said no...
Oh, well... That had been your window.
Yeah! I mean, I don't know. I was just , I was looking, I was looking in his eyes and I was just thinking: Oh my God! It's David. David's here. He's just, he's so irresistible.
Oh.Okay, then it gets worse, 'cause then I told him that I would see him tomorrow night.
I know! Evil! And... and... and... I like Mike so much, you know. It's just going really well. Oh my God!
Wow, isn't it ironic that David would show up on the same day that you and Mike exchange keys?
Uhuh... Yeah...!, you know. And given my life long search for irony, you can imagine how happy I am.
I mean I guess, I just have to... tell David that nothing can happen between us. Unless I don't... You know, complicated moral situation, no right, no wrong...
Okay, I knew I should have had this conversation with Joey.
Funniest guy she's ever met! I'm funny, right...? What do you know, you're a door... You just like knock-knock jokes... Save it for inside!
So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in any other state. And what's with Oklahoma having a pan handle? Can all states have stuff like that? Hey yeah, I'm from the waistband, Wyoming. But when I was seven, we headed over to the crotch.
And don't get me started on the way that people from Tulsa talk.
What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowed to do that, because if so, I say why stop there? You know, your new poodle could be your noodle. And fried chicken? Could be fricken.Waiter, waiter excuse me, I'll have the fricken? See, that's... that's funny with the fricken, right?
No, it just remind me of something this guy did today at work. I told you about that funny guy, Geoffrey, right?
Well, he did this bit... You probably had to be there, but it was Liza Minelli locked in our freezer, eating a raw chicken.
No, but it sounds like it was fricken funny...
I really do understand how hard it's gotta be to leave your child with another person. I mean, it's leaving behind a piece of your heart...
Sandy, that's exactly what it is...
It's okay. I get that a lot doing what I do. But I am straight. I-I'm engaged actually.
So you're just like a... guy who's a nanny?
I realise how it's... a bit unorthodox for some people, but I really believe, the most satisfying thing you can do with your life, is take care of a child.
Like in my last job, I met Daniel when he was three weeks old. And I got to watch him grow into this awesome person... When I Left, I Said I'll see you soon... And he said to me: Skdandy... That was his name for me... I'll see you every day... right in...
Yeah, kids say all kinds of crap.
Oh God, she mu... she must need her diaper changed.
Oh, oh, I can do it for her, if you want...
Oh, that would be great! I love him, I love him, I love him...
Oh, come on, Rach, he's a guy!
So wh..? He's smart, he's qualified. Give me one good reason we shouldn't try him out.
What kind of job is that for a man? A nanny? I-It's like if a woman wanted to be...
I er... I hope you don't mind. I used some of my home-made lotion on Emma. It's a mixture of calendula and honey cream. It'll dry that rash right up. Plus... It keeps the hands young...
That's great! I'm sorry. It's just... such an emotional thing when you're welcomed into a new family...
Oooh... ***I really can't hear what she says*** come here.
You gotta be at least bi...
Hey! I need you to set me up for a joke. Later, when Monica is around, I need you to ask me about fire trucks.
Ooh. I-I don't know Chan. I'm not so good with remembering lines.
Well, thank God your livelihood doesn't depend on it.
I know, right? Wh... Wh... Why are we doing this?
Monica says that her Maitre D. is the funniest guy she's ever met.
Yes! Am I crazy to be this upset?
Nooooo! Being funny is your thing!
Without that, you just got "lame with women".
Wow, you look even... more beautiful than you did yesterday.
In fact, ehm... I going to kiss you now.
Yeah, I-I don't, I can't get away with stuff like that. I-I-It sounded sexy in my head, so I...
No, no, it's not that. Uhm... Remember when you asked me if I was seeing someone and I said no? Well, uhm... I am. His ... his name is Mike.
Yeah, I should have told you.
Well, i-it's okay. I-I-I understand... Well, s... well, are you happy with this guy?
Damn it! I-I'm sorry. I-I don't mean that. I-I want you to be happy... But only with me. No, uhm... that's not fair. Uh, who cares, leave him!. Oh, I don't mean that. Yes I do... I'm sorry Uhm, I... I think I should probably uhm... go...
Well... but David, just... I just want you to know that... that... you know... telling you this... is one of the hardest things I've ever had to do.
Well... just so you know... hearing it wasn't exactly a Vladnik carnival either... Can we at least hug goodbye?
Of course, yeah. You know, a kiss on the cheek wouldn't be totally inappropriate...
...it's uhm... i-it's two on each cheek and uhm... and one on the lips.
Well, if that's what they do in Minsk... In New York... it's...
Oh yeah, it's fine, it's fine. Sandy was just... was just telling me about how he proposed to his fiance and it was just sooo beautiful.
Well, her favourite flower is the camellia. From the poem...
I can't... I can't hear it again.
You know, I can't tell it again...
And I'm fine never having heard it... Rach, can I... can I see you for a sec?
Do you realise that man has cried in our apartment three times...? Huh? I haven't cried that many times since I moved in.
Look, Ross, he's just... Sandy is just sensitive, that's all.
Okay, okay, see... that... that is the problem. He is too sensitive.
What...? Too sensitive to take care of our baby?
Yeah, I mean, all things that guy... These are amazing!
This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French cookies, huh? They're not even... butch, manly cookies with... with... you know with... with chunks.
Well, I... you know, I-I-I don't know what to say... I mean, I never thought of you as a guy who needed his men to be men. You know, 'cause I gotta tell you Ross, it not like you just came in from branding cattle.
Hey... there's sensitive... and there is too sensitive.
Okay, what? What is too sensitive?
Hmmm... No, no... No, I can't do this. It's bad.
But... I-I-It's nice... A-a-and... nice is good. A-a-and good is not bad, ergo, w-w-we should keep kissing.
Look David, if... if you had never left, then... yeah, we'd probably still be together right now, but... you did leave, and I-I'm with Mike and I really care about him...
Uhm... uhm... Goodbye... Uh... Schto ya ztez vigul... ui...
And you thanks for the face massage. Thank you.
Did Rachel tell you we hired a male nanny?
Oh really? Did she tell you he plays the recorder, recites poetry and bakes Madeleines?
Lighter than air... But that's not the point.
Hey...! Rachel and I hired a male nanny.
Really...? Guys do that...? That's... weird...
That's like a woman wanting to be a...
...a what? A what? What's the end of that sentence?
Yes... What is the end of that sentence?
Uhm... A penis model. Anyway, hey... Did you tell Chandler that some guy from work is the funniest guy you've ever met?
Really? Do you not know Chandler?
Is that why he's acting so weird...? He's jealous...? Oh my God, that is crazy. It's not like I'm attracted to Geoffrey...
Science...? Academia...? Being a good father...?
I can't believe he's that upset about this...
Monica, you have to do some damage control here, okay. 'Cause he's feeling like...
What are you guys talking about?
Uhm... Rachel and I hired a male nanny.
You got a man who's a nanny...? You got a manny...?
You know, I don't mind a... male nanny, but I do draw the line at a male wetnurse.
Ohhh, ooohhh... you are on a roll, mister!
If I'd known you guys were coming over, I would have brought more pizza.
Okay, okay... Chandler you... you stop it!
What is so funny about that?
Well, I don't know... I-It's... just the way you say it... I mean, you're funny... You have that funny thing. You're a funny guy!
Did you tell her what we talked about?
So those were pity laughs? PITY LAUGHS?
Honey, listen... You have nothing to worry about with Geoffrey.
Oh yeah? Is he funnier than me?
Well, you're... you're different funny... I mean, you're... you're more sarcastic a-a-and... well, he does... bits... and impressions... and... and limericks...
I do limericks... uhm... There once was a man named Chandler, whose wife made him die inside.
Honey, you know I think you're hilarious! Come on, you know that joke you told me last week? The one about Jerry Lewis and the girl with the lazy eye...? That slayed me.
Hey... I made up that joke and told it to you!
Not knowing when to shut up...
So... how many guys have your key?
No, no, no, no, no... It's not... it's not... i'ts not as bad as it looks... really. I was just saying goodbye to an old friend.
Oh, uh... we just uh... happen to wear the same shade.
No, uhm... David and I did use to go out... but years ago, and he lives in Minsk. He's only... he's only in town for a couple of days.
Yes, but uhm... You should know... she really likes you. I-In fact I-I-I don't think you realise j-just how lucky you are fella.
Don't point your finger at me.
Why? Wh-What are you going to do about it?
Well... I'll... just show you what I'm gonna do about it...
Stop it! Stop it, before someone gets really hurt! Here David, you should just go.
Allright... But... if I ever do come back from Minsk... well, you just better watch out.
Well, if I ever goto Minsk, you'd better watch out.
Really? Well, if you do, come in the spring. It's just lovely there.
Hey, what are you kidding me?
Right-o, right-o... Take good care of her.
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. If you... If you want your key back, I totally understand.
It's never gonna happen again right?
I-I... Oh I...I just wanna say uhm... if you do ever come to Minsk, that's my number We'll uhm... we'll party up Vladnik style.
Yeah! Allright! Hey, hey Ross. Check it out! Sandy taught me Hot-cross Buns.
Really? Sounded like Three Blind Mice.
Noooo... Three Blind Mice goes like this...
Well, please welcome... The Snufflebumps... Who wants to be mr. Wigglemunch and who's gonna be the Grumpus?
Okay, okay... How exactly is a two month old supposed to appreciate puppets?
Actually studies have shown that the movement and colours help their cerebral development... The whimsical characters are just for us.
Well, I guess we know who's gonna be the Grumpus...
Oh, I'm sorry. Please apologise to Sandy and the Snufflebumps for me.
You know, he was just doing his job...
Well, you know what... I-I'm sorry I'm the only one who isn't in love with Gary Poppins out there... But I just... I can't... I can't go through with this.
No! Hey, you know what? I'm sorry. I would never force you... to hire someone you were this uncomfortable with...
Well, you're the one who wants to fire him, so you're gonna have to do it.
So you see Wigglemunch, that's why it's important to shaaaaaaare...
I am learning so much from you.
Well, I'm off to Tulsa, so if your Maitre D. friend has any funny Oklahoma jokes, tell him to e-mail me at www.hahanotsomuch.com.
Honey, you can relax. Last night at work, Geoffrey told this really sexist joke. After that, not so funny anymore.
Really...? See... that's the thing: you gotta keep it smart, people!
Okay, don't miss that flight. You know I love you.
I love you too. And... I like you as a friend.
Did that guy really make that joke?
Naaaa... He still kills me. Last night he had me laughing so hard, I swear... a little pee came out.
I can't watch. It's like firing Elmo.
Sandy... Hi, we uhm... we kinda need to talk. I'm afraid it's not working out.
Yeah, uhm... I mean, Rachel and I, think you are great... with Emma... uhm... We just feel...
I... just feel that the... the chemistry isn't right. I'm sorry. We're... we're more than happy to give you good recommendation...
Oh, no, no, no... That's okay. I got a lot of offers from other families. I just picked you guys because... I liked you the best.
Anyway, uhm...Well, I'm glad there's no hard feelings.
No, none at all. You need to be happy with whoever is in your home... Although if you don't mind telling me, what was your problem? Maybe it's something I can work on in the future.
No, you know, it's uhm... nothing you did, it's... it's uhm... my issue.
You know, I'm just not uhm... that comfortable with a guy who's as sensitive as you.
That's fair... Although, can I ask... why do you think that is?
Why... I... I don't know. Uhm... errrr... maybe... maybe because of my father?
I mean, uhm... you know when I was growing up he was kind of a tough guy... You know a-a-and as a kid I wasn't the athlete I am now.
I play squash...! Anyway, uhm... I uhm... I always get the feeling he thought I was too sensitive.
It was hard... I remember... I was in my bedroom... playing with my dinosaurs... playing and learning... and my father walks in and says... he says... "What are you doing with those things? What's wrong with you, why aren't you... why aren't you outside playing like a... like a real boy?
But you are a real boy!
I know I am! ...And when it's summer, and it's hot, why can't you wear a tank top?
It's allright! Crying is good. It lets the boo-hoos out.
And what's the one kind of boat that can never, ever sink?
Aaahh... How much do I owe you?
It's like the cheapest college ever.
And that's why, no matter what mommy says, we really were on a break. Yes we were! Yes we were! Come here gorgeous. Oh! Look at you! You are the cutest little baby ever! You're just a... a little bitty baby, you know that? But you've got... You've got big beautiful eyes... Yes you do... and a... and a big round belly. Big baby butt! I like big butts. I like big butts and I cannot lie / you other brothers can't deny / when a girl walks in with an itty, bitty, waist / and a round thing in your face you get... Oh my God, Emma... you're laughing! Oh my God, you've never done that before, have you? You never done that before... Daddy made you laugh, huh? Well, daddy and Sir Mix Alot... What? What? You... you wanna hear some more? Uhm... My anaconda don't want none / unless you got buns hon... I'm a terrible father!
Hey... hey listen... What do you guys know about investments?
Well, I'm starting to make good money on the show and I'm thinking... I should probably do something with it.
What do you do with your money now?
Well, I just tape it to the back of my toilet tank. I didn't say that! It's in a bank guarded by robots!
Uh, yeah... This guy at work got me excited about going in on an emu farm. That'd be kinda cool huh? Pitchin' in on the weekends, helping to plant the emus...
Joe... Emus are birds. You raise them for meat.
Yeah! Right! People eat birds... Bird meat... Now do they just fly into your mouth or you go to... you go to a restaurant and you say: "Excuse me, I'll have a bucket of fried bird." Or... or maybe just a wing or...
Joey, I think you should consider something a little less risky. I mean, I think in this market, real estate is your best investment.The Fed. just lowered the rates and the interest on your mortgage is totally deductible. That's right, I know some stuff!
Oh, and you know who's selling a great apartment? Richard!
Oh, and you know whose knowledge of her ex-boyfriend is shocking? Monica!
My dad told me. They play golf together.
Oh, well... Maybe I'll join them some time. I just hope the club doesn't slip out of my hand and beat the moustache off his face.
Listen! You have to help me pick a dress 'cause I'm meeting Mike's parents tonight!
Wow, the boyfriend's parents! That's a big step.
Really? That hadn't occurred to me.
They just gonna love you, just be yourself.
They live on the upper east side on Park Avenue!
Oh yeah, she can't be herself.
Okay, so... allright... Which dress? You can say "neither".
I'm sorry honey, but we're gonna take you shopping. It's gonna be fine.
Yeah, totally! You are in such good hands. And I'm so good with meeting parents. With the father, you know, you want to flirt a little bit, but not in a gross way. Just kind of like: "Oh mr. Pincer, I can see where Wallis gets his good looks..."
You went out with Wallis Pincer?
Uh, he took the SAT's for me.
I knew you didn't get a 1400!
So... now... What about with Mike's mom?
Oh, with the mother, just... just constantly tell her how amazing her son is. Take it from me, moms love me. Ross's mom one time actually said I'm like the daughter that she never had.
That's she's like the daughter she never had. Listen!
I just finished getting Phoebe all dressed to meet Mike's parents. She's so nervous, it's so sweet!
Guess what? I made Emma laugh today.
You WHAT? And I missed it? Because I was giving a makeover to that stupid hippie?
Yeah, and it was uhm... it was like a real little person laugh too. It was... it was like uhm... Only... only not creepy.
Well... well, what did you do to make her laugh?
I uhm... Well, I sang... well actually I rapped... Baby Got Back...
You WHAT? You sang... to our baby daughter... a song about a guy who likes to have sex with women with giant asses?
But you know what, if you think about it, it actually promotes a healthy uhm... body image... because... even big butts or uhm... juicy doubles.
Please don't take her away from me!
Oh hi, come on in. I'm Catherine, the listing agent.
Hi I'm Joey. This is Chandler.
So how come Richard's selling the place? Went bankrupt? Medical malpractice? Choked on his own moustache?
Actually, he is buying a much bigger place. It's got a great view of Central Pa.....
Is there anything we should know about the apartment?
All the appliances are included. There is a lot of light, a new kitchen... I think you guys would be very happy here...
No, no, no, no, no, NO! No, no... we're not together. We're not a couple. We're definately not a couple.
Well, you seem pretty insulted by that. What? I'm not good enough for you?
We're not gonna have this conversation again... Look at this place. Why am I so intimidated by this guy? Pretentious art, this huge macho couch. When we know all he does is sit around all day crying about losing Monica to a real man! You don't think he's here, do you?
You know what it is? It's a nice place but I gotta see I don't know if I see myself living here. Oh, oh, oh, let me see... Yeah, I could see it.
Look at these videos. You know, I mean, who does he think he is? Magnum Force, Dirty Harry, Cool Hand Luke... Oh my God!
There's a tape here with Monica's name on it.
Ooh! A tape with a girls name on it. It's probably a sex tape... Wait a minute... This says Monica... And this is Richard's apartment...
Wow! You look like... like my mom.
Oh, thank you! Oh... Oh my God, you're RICH!
Yeah, so... They gotta die someday. HELLO!
Mom, dad, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, these are my parents: Theodore and Bitsy.
It's so nice to finally meet you!
And you... Your home is lovely.
Well thank you, I'll give you a tour later. It's actually three floors.
Phoebe, why don't you come in the living room and meet our friends?
Hey... Wh... What are you doing?
I'm trying to get your parents to like me.
Yeah, I'm sure they will, but you don't have to do this... I'm wanting them to get to know Phoebe, not Phoebe...
Got it! It... It's hard to stop...
Phoebe, these are our friends, Tom and Sue Angle.
Phoebe, come sit. Tell us a little bit about yourself... So where are you from?
Uhm... Okay, well, allright, uhm... Originally I'm from upstate, but uhm... then my mom killed herself and my stepdad went to prison, so... I just moved to the city where uhm... I actually lived in a burned out Buick LeSabre for a while... which was okay, that was okay, until uhm... I got hepatitis, you know, 'cause this pimp spit in my mouth and... but I... I got over it and uhm... anyway, now I'm uhm... a freelance massage therapist, uhm... which, you know, isn't always steady money but at least I don't pay taxes, huh... So... where does everyone summer?
God! God! This is not going well.
No, no, no, you're doing fine, really... Why don't you go talk to my dad?
Okay, okay, okay, okay... Still sure about me being myself?
Absolutely! Or maybe just a little less pimp spit.
So Theodore... I uhm... I can see where Mike gets his good looks from...
Yeah... And that physique! You must work out all the time...
Oh no, not all the time... I do the best I can...
Oh my God, are you okay?
No, I'll be fine... I just should check the stitches...
How could you know. Why wouldn't you punch me in the stomach?
Uhm... Did you just hit my dad?
Yes... I'm sorry, I've never met a boyfriends parents before...
But, I mean, you have met... humans before, right? Look, why don't you go talk to my mom?
Yeah okay... yeah, your mom... okay... She looks nice, I can talk to her.
Yeah, you do that, and I go check my dad for signs of internal bleeding.
Yeah... Oh Bitsy, hi. Uhm... listen I just wanted to thank you again for having me here tonight.
Also uhm... I just want you to know what a wonderful man your son is.
Thank you, I think so too.
Well, and you know, it really is a testament to how he was raised. Especially to you. Because he's very respectful of women.
Are you kidding. He is so considerate of my feelings and... you know I think... you'd also like to know that he is a very gentle lover.
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't get me wrong. No, he's not in like a sissy way. No, no, no... when he gets going, he can rattle a headboard like a sailor on leave...
I'm not gonna watch it... I don't NEED to watch it... I mean, what good could possibly come from watching? Well, we know I'm gonna watch it.
Don't judge me, I'm only human!
I had to! Okay, imagine you were married... and you found a tape of your wife in another guys' apartment... Wouldn't you need to know what was on it?
I don't know. Who'm I'm married to?
How did she get me to settle down?
Allright, I'm gonna watch it... I mean look, it's probably not even what I think it is... And even if it is... It can't possibly be as bad as what I'm picturing in my head... Can it?
Guess I don't know. My experience: if a girl says yes to being taped... She doesn't say no to much else, I tell ya...
Then you're gonna have to watch it for me.
Just for a few seconds, so I can know what it is... Please?
All right, fine... But if I enjoy this, you have only yourself to blame...
Well it's okay, its like... its just a football game.
Yeah, see... you were all worried for nothing.
It's football... It's just football... This is great! This is the first time I've ever enjoyed football... It may be customary to get a beer... What the... What are you doing?
You don't wanna see what I just saw!
What are you guys doing? Oh my God, is that Richard?
Okay... aahhh... Please laugh for mommy... Please? Please laugh for mommy... Not funny huh? Oh so, is it... only offensive novelty rap? Or maybe just, you know, rap in general? 'Cause mommy can rap... My name is mommy and I'm here to say / that all the babies are... Oh, I can't rap... Allright sweetheart... This is only because I love you so much, and I know that you're not gonna tell anybody... I like... big butts and I cannot lie... / You other brothers can't deny... / when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist and a round thing in your face... Yes! Yes! Yes! YES! Oohhhhh! Oh! I like big butts and I cannot lie... / You other brothers can't deny... Oh Emma you're laughing! Oh you are, you really do like big butts, don't you. Oh you beautiful little weirdo...
Oh you missed it. She was laughing. Oh it was amazing. It was amazing. It was the most beautiful, beautiful sound that...
Oh I know, isn't it? Ooh... what'd you do to get her to laugh?
Oh! You know, I just... couple of things I tried ... I just sang a little doo... Itsy Bitsy Spider...
You sang Baby Got Back didn't you?
Nothing else worked. That girl is all about the ass...
...and then it goes back to the chorus... Smelly cat, Sme-lly ca-t / I-t's not your fau-lt. And that's the end of the song... I realise that you didn't ask to hear it, but uhm... no-one had spoken in seventeen minutes.
Phoebe writes lots of great songs. Wha... What was that one you sang the other night that everybody just loved?
Oh, Ode To A Pubic Hair?
Mom, I thought I told you... Phoebe's a vegetarian.
Oh no, no, no, no... That's okay, that's okay... I mean, I'm... I am a vegetarian... except for veal... Yeah no, veal I love...
Phoebe you don't have to eat...
No, no, no, I actually it's any baby animals: kittens, fish babies... You know... especially veal... and this, this nice vein of fat running through it... Hmmm... yummy Hmmm...
So you stole that tape from Richard's apartment?
Whoho ho... Listen to the judgement from the porn star!
That tape was never meant to be seen by... Joey I would feel more comfortable if I was having this conversation in private.
Monica, look... I don't think you and I have any secrets anymore... Not ready to joke about it yet, okay, I see you later.
Why in the world would you take this tape and and why would you watch it?
Is all this about you not being able to grow a moustache?
This is about you and Richard. He's clearly not over you. He keeps a tape so he can... look at it whenever he wants.
Isn't that sad? I mean, can you see how pathetic that is? You shouldn't be jealous. You should feel bad for him.
Oh, yeah, well, poor Richard. Y'... I can grow a moustache!
Chandler, this is not our problem. We've got each other. That's all that matters.
Yeah, oh, but I just keep picturing you rolling around with him with your cowboy boots in the air...
Cowboy boots? I've never worn cowboy boots in my whole life!
Oh, good, good. Play more, 'cause I wanna see how it ends.
What...? That's not you! Life is good again! Ride 'em cowgirl!
I-It's just so insulting! Big spring for a new blank tape, Doctor!
I can't imagine what he sees in her.
She actually makes me miss that pill-popping ex-wife of his. Oh, hello dear...
We were just chit-chatting. How's your friend?
By the way, do you know who's moving back into town? Tom and Sue's daughter Jen.
You remember her Michael, she's lovely and... well behaved and... single.
Oh, please darling, let's be honest. You can have all the... sailor fun you want with that one, but... let's be real...
All right, stop! You know, all Phoebe has done tonight is trying to get you to like her. And maybe that hasn't been clear all the time, but she did her best. And yeah... She's a little different than you are...
Michael, a pimp spit in her mouth!
So what? I mean if even I can get past that, it shouldn't bother you. And you don't have to like her. You just have to accept the fact that I do. I mean, if you even can't be civil to the woman I love...
The woman I love... I love you... Which is probably something I shouldn't say for the first time in front of my parents... and Tom and Sue...Who are by the way the most sinfully boring I've ever met in my life...
I had a great time. It was really top drawer. And Here's Something Rich thirteen bathrooms in this place... I threw up in the coat closet... Ta taaa...
She sweat, wet. got it going like a turbo 'vette.
has your girlfriend got the butt?
One more time from the top... I like big butts and I cannot lie, you other br...
Rachel please! That is so inappropriate!
Hey Hon, could you help me get the plates down?
Yeah. Hey, here's an idea, why don't we use our wedding china today?
No, I think we should save our china for something really special. Like if the Queen of England comes over.
Honey, she keeps canceling on us, take the hint.
What if something gets broken, they're so expensive.
What is the point of having them if we never use them?
Ok, but if something gets broken, and then the Queen comes over..
I will explain it to her.
Oh yeah, like I'm going to let you talk to the queen.
wow, the parade is really good this year. Man those horses can crap.
Next up is a marching band from Muskogee, OK.
Muskogee! That's like four hours from Tulsa. Woo hoo!
And heres the float with the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives .
Aren't you one of the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives?
Yeah! I totally forgot I'm supposed to be there. I can't believe I forgot. I usually write stuff like this on my arm. Oh! Stupid long sleeves.
What are you going to do?
I guess I'm going to have to come up with a really good reason why I wasn't there. The producers are going to be so mad at me. They sat us all down yesterday and said "Everyone has to be there at 6:00 AM sharp, that means you Tribbiani." Like.. like I was some kind of idiot.
Oh Emma. This is going to be your first Thanksgiving. What are you thankful for? Mommy's bobbies.
A lot of people are thankful for those.
It's your favorite sister. Ross and Rachel while looking at each other surprised and shocked: Jill? Woman at door in a sing song voice: Amy.
Do you have a hair straightener?
I haven't seen you in like.. a year.
Oh, I know, I know. I've just been crazed.
Oh well yeah me too. Um.. I had a baby.
Oh.. yeah? Well unless you pushed a desk out of your vagina, not the same thing.
Listen, um about the hair straightener, honey.. I really need one. I'm going to have dinner at my boyfriend's house.
Not really. But you are much cuter then that geeky guy she used to date.
No, he was this creepy guy from high school who had this huge crush on her since like the ninth grade. Ross with a look of wondering how long this is going to go on on his face: Still me.
I'll tell you what, for the rest of our lives, I'll be careful until told otherwise. hey wait a minute this isn't the china we picked out..
I know, after you left the store, I chose different ones.
well no offense honey, but your taste is a little feminine for me.
I.. I.. I need a good lie.
Oh okay. How about the whole "man walking on the moon" thing. You know? You. you could. You could see the strings people!
No, no, no I need a good lie to explain why I wasn't at a work thing today.
Ooh, honey. You stink at lying.
Oh really. Okay. let me ask you something. Yesterday at the coffee house, I went to the bathroom and when I came back, my muffin was gone-who took it?
Somebody opened the door to the coffee house and a raccoon came running in, went straight for your muffin and I said "Hey don't eat that-that's Phoebe's" and he said.. He said.. "Joey you stink at lying." What am I going to do?
Don't worry, don't worry. We'll come up with a good lie. I'll help you practice it.
Oh great, that'd be great. Thank you.
Sure, what.. what was the work thing?
"Pick up grandma at the airport"?
Oh.. man.. Ross and Rachel's Apartment.
Oh she's precious. Do you ever worry she's going to get your real nose?
Amy! Yes I do.. I really do.
Hello? Yeah, um. Hang on one sec. Can I take this upstairs?
Sure, we don't live there but...
Seriously? Its.. its just these rooms? I thought you were a doctor.
Yeah, no. Ross has a PhD.
I know, I mean a PhD is just as good as an MD.
Oh sure Ross, yeah. If I have a heart attack in a restaurant, I want you there with your fossil brush.
My boyfriend canceled on me. I mean.. I I finally find a real relationship. I mean, someone that I can spend this day with and then his wife comes back into town. I swear, its almost not worth dating married guys.
Oh. I was so looking forward to this. It was going to be such a beautiful Thanksgiving. We were going to have sushi.
Oh Amy, don't cry Amy. Um.. Ross, could I talk to you in private?
Sure, you want to go upstairs?
Um look I was thinking.. If its ok with Monica I would like to invite Amy to Thanksgiving.
You know, I think thats a great idea. It'll be like the pilgrims bringing the Indians syphilis.
Look I know she's a little tough to take. She has no where else to go, and she's my sister. Alright, she's Emma's aunt. And I would like them to bond.
Ok, fine, but I don't want them bonding to much. I don't want her telling Emma she needs a nose job.
Ross, you know what? She may need one..We're just going to have to make our peace with that! Monica and Chandler's apartment.
Hey you guys, this is my sister Amy. This is Chandler, Joey, Phoebe and you know Mon.
Oh my god. You're on Days of Our Lives.
wow. They must put a lot of makeup on you.
So. Welcome. Is this your first time you're seeing Emma?
Yeah I.. I think so. It's nice to meet you Emma.
Pheebs, I still need some help here.
Oh right, ok um. Ok so its not just the lie you tell. but its the way you tell it. . For example if you look down at the ground when you're talking, people know you're lying.
Oh.. I don't know why this is so hard for me. you know.. I mean lying is basically just acting and I am a terrfic actor.
Oh we just put her down for a nap.
no, no, then I would get the baby. I mean you know it would be just like a movie. Like at first I wouldn't know what to do with her, then I would rise to the occasion and and then I would get a makeover and then I'd get married.
Now listen, not that you guys could stop me or anything cause you know you'd be dead. I was thinking about changing her name. I'm just not really a big fan of Emily.
Why does she keep making that noise?
Honey, I don't know how to tell you this, but um, if something were to happen to Ross or to myself um you wouldn't get the baby.
Well we haven't offically asked them yet, but we would want Monica and Chandler.
I can't believe you'd want us to raise Emma.
yeah oh my god, I'm so moved.
I don't believe this, hold on a second. You guys die and I don't get your baby?
See look Amy, we're a lot closer to Monica and Chandler. We see them every day. And truthfully honey, you don't seem very connected to the baby.
Connected? I mean.. to what? She's.. she's a lump.
You know, guys I got to say. This means so much to me. That you would trust me with your child. I mean, we all know that Monica and I have been trying to have a baby of our own. You know I've had my doubts about my skills as a father, but that you two.. that you two....
This guy? Seriously? Later in the day.
Okay! It's time for dinner. Everyone we're using our fancy china.. um and its very expensive so please be careful.
Okay, just to be clear comedy with the plates will not be well recieved. Ross makes some sort of sound to let us know it hurt.
No, honey, its. thats a special plate. See its a game, whoever gets that plate wins.
Its such a slap in the face. I'm your sister and you would give your baby to these strangers over me.
No, Ross' sister was really fat.
No, she was this really dorky girl in high school that used to follow Rachel around like a puppy dog.
Hey. Amy. You've got to stop doing that. Monica about to have a heart attack: Okay, listen I know you're having a little bit of a family crisis, but you don't have to take it out on the plates. I mean, I mean in fact I think that everyone should cut their food like this.
Now see, this way you protect the plate.. and lets face it you have fun.
Okay, how about this, you guys die and the crazy plate lady dies, then do I get the baby?
No, if crazy plate lad.. If Monica dies then I would get Emma, Right?
well.. its just. its just in that case, then um. Emma would go to my parents.
Uh.. who has to die for me to get her? Commercial Break.
So if Monica's not around, then I'm not good enough to raise Emma?
No, that that is not what we're saying.
Yeah he's lying. He looked down.
Well what is wrong with me? Am I .. am I incomptent? Because I managed to survive whatever it is that killed the three of you!
Honey, you're taking this the wrong way. We think you're going to be a wonderful parent. It's just.. you're more the fun parent.
Yeah and we'd want to make sure Emma has someone like Monica who is more uh. uh discliplinarin.. someone who can be firm and strict.
Thats not how you see me, is it? Phoebe while cutting a sweet potatoe in the air: No you're all about the fun.
Look, I may not know a lot about babies, but do you really think I'm not capable?
No, you both are equally capable. Its just.. you're strongest when.. when you're together.
Ok. So if we both had Emma and I die she'd have to give her up.
Sure, Monica would have to give her up.
I lie better then that, right?
So.. let me get this straight. So my two friends die, I get Emma. Then my wife dies, then Emma the one tiny ray of hope left in my life gets taken away from me?
There's your movie! Later on. Monica opens her front door. Chandler is sitting in the hallway.
Hey. There you are. You disappeared after dinner.
Oh? Did somebody miss me? Is there a child to raise poorly?
Ross and Rachel don't know what they're talking about. I mean its not like their so responsible. Emma is a product of a bottle of Merlot and a five year old condom.
Yeah but they're right. I mean, I'm not a strong father figure and I never will be.
No you learn these things. You grow into it.
Yeah, but its not who I am. Everything they said was exaclty why I was worried about having a kid. And its true. And look everybody knows it.
I don't know it! I want to have a kid with you because I think you're going to be an amazing dad... at the fun parts and the hard parts.
Oh yeah, well can you picture me saying "Go to your room! You're grounded"?
Can you hear me say "You're grounded"?
You said that to me last week.
It's ok. I thought of the perfect lie for you. It's easy to remember and doesn't invite a lot of questions. You weren't at the parade because you had a family emergency.
Oh, I like that, yeah. Wasn't at the parade because I had a family emergency.
Ooh, what happened? Joey all nervous and looking down and fiddling with his ear: Oh.. My sister's raccoon.
Arg... Alright, I'll take care of it. Monica and Chandler come through the front door.
Oh wait.. What are you doing?
Yeah we thought it would be nice to use the fancy china for dessert too.
Oh how nice. Maybe later we can all go blow our noses on my wedding dress. Ross comes out of the guest bedroom with the diaper bag and the car seat carrying thingy.. yeah.. thats the techinal term.. He goes to Chandler.
Hey dude, you okay? Sorry about before.
Oh no thats okay, you're totally right. I don't know anything about disciplining a child. But it did hurt my feelings and I want you to know that when I die, you don't get Joey. Ross walks away with a face of yeah ok. Amy walks over to the couch and sits down next to Rachel: Ucch. Uchh In case you hadn't noticed, I'm not talking to you.
You know.. this.. this is classic Rachel.
Yeah.. yeah right.. Remember in high school when I died and didn't give you my baby?
This might be my one chance to have a baby Rachel. I mean, you know that I have been so busy focusing on my carrer.
Ok. You decorate dad's office and so now you're a decorator. Okay! I went to the zoo yesterday and now I'm a koala bear.
Why can't you ever be supportive?
Sup.. You want to talk supportive? You didn't even come and visit me when I was in the hospital having the baby.
Oh. Yeah. Well.. You didn't come see me when I was in the hospital when I was getting my lips done.
I did the first time! Oh. Oh.. And you know what. You want to know why I'm not giving Emily to you.
Oh whose side are you on? I'm not giving you Emma because there is no way you could handle the responibility of a child.
How hard could it be? You do it.
Do you want to know why you don't want me to have the baby?
Because you don't want me to be happy. You.. you have always been jealous of me.
Jealous of what? Of your lack of responsiblity? You, your immaturity? Your total disregard of other people's feelings?
Uh.. To name a few. You know.. You know.. You've just always been like this. You just have to have everything. And I couldn't have anything. Like in junior high, when you stole Timmy from me. I mean, do you even realize how much that hurt me?
Timmy was my boyfriend and you made out with him!
Oh come on, that was 20 years ago. Get over it.
I cannot, I cannot believe that I invited you here today.
Yeah, well you know what I cannot believe. That my so-called sister, gets a 30% discount from Ralph Lauren and I still have to pay retail.
ah ha ha. ah ha ha. It's forty five.
You bitch. You just think you're so perfect. With your new baby and your, your small apartment. Well let me tell you something. Your baby isn't even that cute.
No! What are you going to do? Make me?
Put the plates in the boxes!! Put the plates in the boxes!
Uh, yeah I think I did.
Forget the bubblewrap! There isn't time! Rachel starts messing up Amy's hair: Frizzy frizzy frizzy frizzy!!
Oh my god! Shouldn't we stop this?
What? Are you out of your mind? Lets throw some jello on them.
Alright! That is it. This is our apartment and you can not behave this way. Now if you can't act your age then you shouldn't be here at all. Now those plates may not be as nice as the pretty pink ones I picked out, but they're very important to Monica. I want you to apologize to her right now.
Okay. Thats better. Now I want you to both apologize to each other and mean it.
By the way, that fight was totally arousing.
Dude. Well done. You know what? If I die, and Rachel dies and Monica dies then you can totally take care of Emma.
So, so now do I get Joey?
Okay, but you should know he eats five times a day and shoves pennies up his nose.
uh huh.. I mean these things happen. Its' just a plate. Its not like somebody died.
It's all right. You can mourn.
Thank you. It was so beautiful. I'm going to go to Joeys and get the pies.
Actually its not pies, its just pie.
I don't care. Oh my god. I've lost the will to scold.
Look Amy, it got a little of control..Um.. and I'm sorry. You're my sister and uh.. if it really means that much to you..
So you're going to give me the baby?
Uh. No.. I was going to let you use my Ralph Lauren discount.
You are not going to regret this.
Oh no no no.. I'll get her. I'm super-compentent and totally responsibile and fourth in line to raise Emma. I'll be right there Emma. Just let me get my trusty diaper bag here. Well.. what do you know? I guess, I'll be the one who dies first.
Hey, does Monica know about her broken plates yet?
Nope... Hey... so I'm gonna... put the plates back. You know, I think you were right, I don't think we should use these plates again for a looong time.
Like only if the queen comes?
Hey! I did it. I called my producer. I told him I had a family emergency, he totally bought it. Thanks for teaching me how to lie Pheebs.
Oh, you told her you broke all the plates, huh?
What? Something happened with the plates?
Uhm... Yeah... this uhm... raccoon came in...
This kitty is Mittens and this one is Fitzhugh, and this little guy in the cat condo is Jinkies.
Yep. That's a lot of cats Jo Lynn. Single are ya?
Hey. How come you're answering your own phone? Where's your crazy assistant?
Okay, what have we always wanted to do together?
Braid each other's hair and ride horseback on the beach?
No, no, no. When you get home tomorrow night, you and I are going to be at the Wizzards-Knicks game . . . courtside!
Yeah. Maybe Michael Jordon will dive for the ball and break my jaw with his knee.
That's so cool. I'll let Monica know.
Joey just called. He's got courtside Knicks tickets for him and me tomorrow night.
Really? But tomorrow night is the only night I get off from the restaurant. If you go to the game, we won't have a night together for another week.
But hey, it's courtside. The cheerleaders are going to be right in fr. . . That's not the way to convince you.
Chandler look, I don't want to be one of those wives who says, "You can't go to the game. You have to spend time with me." So, if you could just realize it on your own . . .
I know. You're right. I want to see you too. I've just got to figure out a way to tell Joey, you know? He's really looking forward to this.
Tell him that you haven't seen your wife in a long time. Tell him that having a long-distance relationship is really difficult. Tell him that what little time we have is precious.
Yeah, ah, ah . . . I'll think of something.
Wow! Wow, You look . . . uh . . . It's just, ah . . . That dress . . . uh . . .
Well, I hope the ends of these sentences are good.
Well, well, they're good. It's been a while since I've seen you like this. You, you clean up good.
Oh well, well thank you. Okay, stop. Stop looking at me like that. The last time that happened, that happened.
Oh right, right. So, are you . . . ah . . . you excited about your, your first night away from Emma?
Yeah, yeah. Phoebe and I are going to have so much fun. And thank you for watching the baby, by the way.
Oh, it's fine. Actually, I, I invited Mike over.
I didn't know you guys hung out.
We don't. But I thought it would be nice to get to know him. You know, maybe have a little dinner, drinks, conversation.
Oh that's so cute: Ross and Mike's first date. Is that going to be awkward? I mean, what are you guys going to talk about?
I don't know. But, you know, we, we have a lot in common, you know. He plays piano; I played keyboards in college. He's been divorced; I have some experience in that area.
Ok. So now, I think Emma is probably down for the night, but if you need anything Ross . . .
Rach, Rach, we'll be fine, all right? You go have fun.
Okay. You too. And I hope you score. Bye.
Eh, why don't we start with the beer?
Okay. So, um, Phoebe tells me you, ah, you play piano.
You know, I, I used to, ah, play keyboards in college.
Ah? Do you have one here?
Um . . . ah . . . you know, I'm divorced. Um, Phoebe, ah . . . Phoebe said you . . . You've been divorced?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm sorry. I don't . . . I don't really like to talk about it.
That's okay. We'll talk about something else.
Ah? Well, he and I would probably have a lot to talk about.
Oh God. Remember the girls' nights we used to have sitting around talking about you and Ross?
Oh God. It seems like forever ago.
I know. So, what's going on with you and Ross?
Well, um . . . I don't know. I mean, for a long time nothing. But you know, actually right before you picked me up, Ross and I had a . . . ah . . . little thing.
Oh my God! I love things. What happened?
Well, um, first he told me he liked how I looked. And, ah, then we had a little . . . um . . . eye-contact.
I hope you were using protection.
Excuse me. Um, these are from the two gentlemen at the end of the bar.
Oh. Should we send them something back?
Oooh. Let's do. Let's send them mashed potatoes.
No! Wait! No, no. Don't do that! That's going to make them think they can come over here.
Well, we're not here to meet guys. You have a boyfriend, I have a b. . . baby and a Ross.
Yeah, but, ah, ah, nothing has to happen. We're just having fun. You know, not everything had to go as far as "eye-contact."
Chandler, you have to tell Joey that you're not in Tulsa.
Don't you think it's better for him to think that you're cheating on me, than for him to think that I'm cheating on him? I heard it.
I don't want him to think that I'm having an affair.
All right. I've got a plan. I'll go down the fire escape.
Yes, because all good plans start with, "I'll go down the fire escape."
Hear me out woman. I'll go down the fire escape. Then, I'll wait for a while. Then, when I come up the stairs, it'll be just like I just got back from Tulsa. Then, Joey and I will come in and see that there's no guy in here.
Aren't you afraid that Joey's going to figure all of this out? I heard it.
I'm just going to wait for a little while.
Oh my God. I can't believe you live in that building. My grandmother lives in that building. Ida Green? No sense of personal space? Kind of smells like chicken? Looks like a potato.
So, we're on our way to a couple of parties. Um. . . maybe we can get your numbers and give you guys a call if we find something fun.
Yeah. . . I'm sorry. We weren't really looking for anything to happen with you guys. I, I have a boyfriend.
All right. It's no big deal.
So, she has a boyfriend. What is your situation?
Oh, well, it's complicated. I don't actually have a boyfriend. But um. . .
Then, can I have your number?
Oh my God, you're giving your real number.
Okay, thanks. I'll give you a call later tonight.
Bye. Wow. So, that's great. You, Bill, Ross, and Emma are going to be so happy together. What were you thinking?
I don't know. He was cute, and he liked me. It was an impulse.
What about Ross? What about your moment? Don't you want to talk to Ross about it?
No. No, because I know exactly how the conversation's gonna go. "Hey Ross, you know, I think we had a moment before."
"Well, but I'm not sure I really want to do anything about it."
"Well, should we just continue to live together and not really tell each other how we're really feeling?"
Yeah, I see what you mean. By the way, nice Ross imitation.
But, your Rachel wasn't whiny enough.
Well, the point is, maybe I should just stop waiting around for moments with Ross, you know? I should just . . . move on with my life.
Really? You're moving on from Ross?
I don't know. Do I have to decide right now?
Well, you kind of just did. That guy is going to call you tonight. Ross is going to pick up the phone and that's a pretty clear message.
Oh God, Ross. Ross is going to pick up the phone. Oh, I have to get my number back. Oh my God. He's gone.
"Oh, I have to get my number back. Oh my God. He's gone." Dead on.
Wow! That didn't take long. I thought you said Tulsa was, like a three hour flight.
Well, you're forgetting about the time difference.
That's right. You're husband's home. So, now the sex can stop.
Joey said that you're in here with another man.
There's no man in here. How dare you accuse me of that.
All right. All right. Then, maybe you won't mind if me and my friend take a look around, huh? Bwa-ah-ah!
I arranged some pillows on the bed to look like a guy.
Bedroom is clear, although you might need some new pillows.
All right. Well, I'll check the guest room.
Why do I smell men's cologne?
Oh yeah. I rubbed a magazine on myself earlier.
I can't believe you thought I was cheating. You own me an apology.
Yeah, right Monica. I'm so sorry.
Ah, it's an honest mistake. It could happen to anyone. All right, see ya.
Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If you just got back from Tulsa, how did your suitcase beat you here?
I climb down the fire escape and you can't put that in the closet?
So, except for the fermentation process, beer and ale are basically the same thing. Fascinating isn't it.
Maybe you should look up "fascinating."
I'll get it. Hello? Ross's place. Mike speaking. It's for you.
I don't understand what just happened here.
I'm sorry. I, I told you I was in Tulsa because I wanted to spend the night with Monica and I, I didn't know . . . I didn't think you'd understand.
What? You think I'm too dumb to understand that a husband needs to be with his wife? Huh? Do you think I'm like, "Duh."
I don't know what to say. We shouldn't have lied to you.
Yeah. I feel so bad. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?
Yeah, you could go to the game with me, ah, even though I know you said you couldn't. But then you lied to me and tricked me and gave me a bump on the head.
I'm sorry. That's the one thing I can't do. I promised I'd be with Monica.
You should go to the game. It's okay. I want you to.
Yeah, I'll be fine. You know, maybe I'll stay here and practice the art of seduction.
You're gonna put on sweats and clean, aren't you?
Hey, listen. I'm never going to lie to you again, okay? And I want you to know that nobody thinks you're stupid.
Hey. I'll be right back. I've got to go to the bathroom.
Stout. That's a kind of beer.
...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle;and away they all flew like the down of a thistle; but I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight, "Merry Christmas to all, and to all a goodnight!"
Wow, that was great! You really wrote that?
Say goodbye elves, I'm off to Tulsa.
I can't believe you're not gonna be here for Christmas.
Yeah, we have all this paperwork that needs to be filed by the end of the year. If I don't get it done, I'll be fired.
It's so unfair, you don't even like your job!
Yeah, I can't *wait* to go back to work.
I'm sorry, I won't be here.
It's just... It's hard enough not seeing you during the week, but for Christmas... alright, if this is what you have to do, I understand.
Thanks. I'll see you New Year's Day.
You're not gonna be here New Year's Eve??
AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT! *Opening Credits*
All right everybody, I know that it's Christmas Eve and you'd rather be with your families, but there's *no* call for writing "Screw you, Mr. Bing!" on the back of my chair! -- By the way, you can all call me Chandler.
I was, uh, checking out that insurance company's Christmas party on three, oh, it was really beautiful, they have all these decorations and this huge tree and I just, uh... to hell with them, we have to work. -- So I stole ther ham.
You hear that? You may not be with your families, but at least it's gonna smell like ham in here.
My kid's in a play right now.
Y'know what, I know what will cheer you guys up! I had a little talk with the boys in New York, told 'em about all the hard work you've been doing and that a little Christmas bonus may be in order.
"A donation has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet".
Well, that's like money in your pocket! - Alright look, you want me to say it? This sucks. Being here sucks! This work sucks!
I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go back to an empty hotel room and lay down on a very questionable bedspread. And then tomorrow morning, you get to have Christmas morning in your own houses, wich, by the way, none of you have invited me to.
You can come to my house!
Oh, thanks! I'm... actually thinking about becoming a motivational speaker.
So, if you were home right now, what would you be doing?
Typical Christmas-y stuff, you know? Our holidays are pretty traditional...
So here is a, a very special holiday song that I wrote for some very important people to me. "Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap. Asked him to bring my friends all kinds of crap. Said all you need is to write them a song. Now, you haven't heard it yet, so don't try to sing along. No, don't sing along. Monica, Moncia, have a happy Hanukkah. Saw Santa Claus, he said hello to Ross. And please tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy! And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!" Happy holidays, everybody!
Okay, Pheebs, you look in the kitchen, I will look in the back closet.
I can save you time ladies, I'm right here.
Yeah, Chandler why don't you take a walk? This doesn't concern you.
We are looking for our Christmas presents from Monica.
No-no, we do it every year!
Oh well, that, that makes it not terrible.
No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us, that wily... minx.
Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, and then we're gonna go over to Joey's and search, OK?
No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!
No, you don't have to, and you can't because I, I live here too.
Well then, you should look with us.
Chandler, aren't you worried about what to get Monica for Christmas?
No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
Oh, that's it? A great idea! Oh yeah.
Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a bunch of little presents? And you've just gotten her one great present? I mean that's just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?
If I help, we can find 'em faster!
Ooh ooh, we have a live one!
"Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S.: Chandler, I knew they'd break you."
Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.
No, but with this new car smell, you'll think you do.
Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?
You got me a cola drink?
Well this, this is too much, I feel like I should get you another sweater.
Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the Festival of Lights?
Years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees...
What are you doing here, Santa?
Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?
I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence I'd never thought I'd say.
You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
Thank you, but, but you, you gotta leave.
Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're wrecking it.
But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
I'm sorry Chandler, but this, this is really important to me.
Fine, I'll give the suit back.
Hey, you think, you can keep it another night?
Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?
You know what, everybody? Go home. You should be with your families. It's bad enough that we're working New Year's Eve.
Did I not tell *anyone* about New Year's Eve? -- Alright, look, go! Go home, okay? Merry Christmas! Go.
Good, God's speed, good people! You're not gonna go?
Naah... I couldn't leave you alone.
Besides, I can't leave until their Christmas party downstairs clears out; there are some *pissed off* insurance people looking for that ham.
Hi Honey! We're all here; we just want to wish you a Merry Christmas.
Ahh, Merry Christmas; I miss you guys!
So is it horrible? Is everybody working really hard?
Ah, well no, it's just uh, me and Wendy.
Wendy? -- That sounds like a girl's name.
It is. Did I... not tell you about her?
Umhmm, umhmm, about the time you told me about New Year's Eve. Where is everybody else?
Ohh, you are such a good boss! Is she pretty?
I don't think of her that way, you know, she's a, she's a colleague.
Oh, she's regional Vice President; She's... just below me.
Ahh, wait, is Wendy the runner-up Miss Oklahoma?
Alright, well, maybe I should let you and the second prettiest girl in Oklahoma get back to work.
Well, second prettiest that year; I mean, of *all* the girls in Oklahoma, she's probably...
Honey, there's really nothing to worry about.
Ah well, she's got this weird idea, that, uh, y'know, just because you and I are alone, that something is gonna happen.
Huh? Really? -- Hm, that'd be so terrible?
This is probably the wrong thing to be worrying about, but... you're getting ham on my only tie.
I don't know; I'm not used to girls making passes at me! ... Wait a minute... am I sexy in Oklahoma?
No,... no... NO! Look, I'm, I'm married!
Seriously? Happily married. So that phone call before, that was ... happy?
Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little paranoid... or, in this case: right on money! ... You know, she's amazing, and beautiful, and smart, and if she were here right now, ...she'd kick your ass. Look, you're a really nice person... ham stealing and adultery aside. But, what I have with my wife is pretty great, so nothing is ever gonna happen between us.
Okay, let me ask you something: if what you and your wife have is so great, then why are you spending Christmas with me?
I mean, you were the most beautiful woman in the room tonight!
You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
I know, I just thought it would be fun.
Drunk enough that I know I wanna do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
Well, I have kissed over four women. Do you wanna get under the covers?
It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.
We're gonna see each other naked.
Do you wanna do it at the same time?
Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
Eh, we weren't that close anyway!
So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not just goof around with him.
I think you're better than you think you are.
Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?
I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.
You're so efficient. I love you!
No-no-no, wait! We need something old!
Oh, okay, I have condom in my wallet that I've had since I was twelve.
Okay, now we just need something borrowed!
No, we'll-we'll bring it back! Just put it under your dress.
Okay, one thing at a time.
Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy, then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Oh, you're so sweet. Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
How many kids were we gonna have?
Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
What else did you think about?
Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
No, I want everything that you just said. I want a marriage.
Really? You're not gonna return it?
Hey look, you guys, it's snowing!
"Wendy" is a fat girl name.
Okay, fine. Let's talk about snow. -- Do you think it's snowing in Tulsa, where my husband is having sex on a copying machine?
Hey-heeyyy - Look at that, it's a Christmas miracle!
I wanted to be with you. I missed you so much.
Hey, hey, uh, who did you miss the most?
I never want to leave you again!
But I thought if you left, you get fired.
Turns out they can't fire me. Because I quit.
What, you, you really quit your job?
Yeah! It's a stupid job, and I could not stand leaving you. And why should I be the only one who doesn't get to do what he *really* wants to do?
What do you really want to do?
I have *not* thought this through!
I know, I, I should have talked to you first about it.
No, I think that this is what you wanna do, I think it's great!
Chandler, your being here is the best Christmas present I could have ever imagined.
Now give me my real gift.
"A donation has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet." -- How did you know?
Wha... are you kidding? I can't return this.
I... thought it was a timely start to thinking about other people. Besides, this gift still says I love you guys.
I don't have a *job*! *Closing Credits*
Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer... Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are the sole wage earner. *You* are the head of the household. I don't do anything - I'm a kept man!
You are! Hey, here's twenty bucks. -- Why don't you go buy yourself something pretty while I'm at work tomorrow?
Good morning, Tiger! I'm making you a nice big breakfast so you can keep up your strength for tonight. You're gonna get me good and pregnant.
I've got nowhere to go this morning. I'm unemployed! I don't know what I'm gonna do with my life.
Well, I just lost my erection.
I mean, what am I supposed to do with myself?
You're supposed to find your passion in life. You can be whatever you wanna be now. It's exciting.
But it's all so overwhelming. I don't know where to start.
Hey, wait a second. I can help you with this. You just need to be organized. We can make a list of your qualifications, and categorize jobs by industry. There could be folders and files!
Hey! This is where your hyper-organized-pain-in-the-ass stuff pays off!
I know!!! My erection is back!
Joey, can I have a sip of your coffee and a bite of your muffin?
Okay. Phoebe Thank you. Thank you!
: Pheebs, have you ever been bitten by a hungry Italian?
I'm sorry, it's just, I'm a little short on cash.
If you want I could loan you some money?
Oh no, no, no. I learned never to borrow money from friends. No, that's why Richard Dreyfuss and I don't speak anymore.
Oh, hey, how about this? Wanna be an extra on my show?
Yeah, yeah. The pay is pretty good and you could do it for as long as you need.
Oh my god, I'm gonna be on TV!
Okay, now. I gotta tell you, being on TV isn't as glamorous and exciting as you think.
Wow! Hey, why are you all dressed up?
Rachel and I are bringing Emma to Ralph Lauren today to introduce her to everyone. Doesn't she look cute?
She sure does. Why does she have a pink bow taped to her head?
Well, because if one more person says "what a cute little boy" I'm gonna whip them with a car antenna!
I think she's gonna be the hit of the office, huh? She's gonna be hotter than peasant blouses and A-line skirts. Can I get a blue bow?
Okay, I have looked through a bunch of career guides, photocopied and highlighted key passages and put them into alphabetical folders so you can make an informed decision.
How long was I in there?
Okay. Let us start with the A's. Advertising.
Wait. Advertising! That's a great idea!
Don't you want to look through the rest?
I don't think I have to hear the rest. Advertising makes perfect sense. Sorry you had to waste all this time, though.
You call eight hours alone with my label maker wasted time? Ooh, now I get to use my shredder!
I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "Crackers. Because your cheese needs a buddy." "A grape. Because who can get a water melon in your mouth?"
I got one. "Socks. Because your family's feet deserve the best."
Honey? Leave it to the pros.
I actually know someone in advertising. I grew up with this guy who is a vice president at a big agency. Maybe I can get him to meet you? Give me the phone.
"The phone. Bringing you closer to people...who have phones."
That went well. Almost everybody knew that she was a girl.
Yeah, after you punched that one guy who got it wrong, word spread.
I'm just gonna go in my office and pick up some stuff . Who the hell are you!?
I'm the hell person whose office this is!
I'm Gavin Mitchell, the person who's taken over your job.
Oh, your baby's so cute. Why did you put a pink bow on a boy?
Joey, look at me! I'm a nurse!
Yes you are. I think it may be time for my sponge bath. Sorry, I'm just so used to hitting on the extras. So, are you excited about your scene?
Yeah! But I'm a little shaky and nervous.
Oh, relax. Don't be. You'll be fine, you'll be fine. They'll probably just make you stand in the back.
Okay, okay, okay! You. Here, come here, here. You're gonna take this tray, you're gonna stay on this yellow mark. You're gonna move on "action!" You're gonna walk over to the operating table. You're gonna stop on that blue mark, you're gonna put the tray down. Don't walk too fast! But don't doddle.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm just a little nervous.
Hey, you know what? Don't worry, Pheebs! It usually takes me three takes too! Alright, eight.
So, do you have any other question about advertising?
No, no. But let me show you what I can do. "Bagels and donuts. Round food for every mood."
Monica warned me you might do that. I actually think we might have something for you at the agency.
It's funny. When you said "unpaid" it sounded like you said "unpaid."
Come on now. Monica has a good job. And it's not like you have a family to support.
Actually, we're trying, and I don't think Monica's gonna wanna postpone it. We're supposed to have sex tonight. Actually, she's probably at home naked right now. I tend to keep talking until somebody stops me. I can just picture her on the bed right now.
Wait a minute! What do you mean, you're taking over my job?
Well, while you were on your baby vacation I was doing your job.
A vacation? My idea of a vacation does not involve something sucking on my nipples until they are raw.
Clearly you've never been to Sandles Paradise Island.
Alright! Don't get too comfortable there, because I'm back in two weeks! And I want everything back to the way it was. I can't say that I care too much for the way you've rearranged my office.
I can't say I care too much for that smell you've brought in with you.
Rach we have a code brown situation.
Can you please, please take care of it for me?
Alright, but you have to do one sometime.
Let me just get this straight! So I go have a baby and they send some guy in to do my job?
Well, there was talk of shutting down Ralph Lauren all together.
That's right. You're very cheeky for a temp.
I'm not a temp. I was transferred here from another department.
Oh yeah, what department was that? The Jerk department?
Oh, they didn't tell me about your quick wit.
Did they mention that I'm rubber and you're glue?
Rachel, I see you've met Gavin. I must say, when you left us we weren't sure what we were gonna do. But then, Gavin to the rescue. Super Gavin!
That's great. So now, Super Gavin, when I come back where are you planning on flying off to?
Well, that's up to Mr. Zelner. I'm sure he will make the right decision.
Incidentally, when are you coming back?
No, I said today! See, for a superhero, not so much with the listening.
Hey. So, what did he say?
Well, he can be a little rough around the edges, so I'm gonna replace a word he used a lot, with the word "puppy." Okay, So He Said "If your puppy friend doesn't get her puppy act together, I'm gonna fire her mother-puppy ass."
I'm sorry, I can't do this. I'm not an actor.
That's right, you're not. You're a nurse. You're Nurse With Tray.
No, no. Nurse With Tray doesn't know Joey, she doesn't have time for friends. She gets in that operating room and she carries that tray to the doctor, because if she doesn't, people die!
Man With Eye Patch! You get in there and you do your job.
Okay, let's try this one more time.
Hang in there, Man With Eye Patch, your tray is coming!
Yes, I did it!!! I nailed it!!! Yay! What's next?
Listen. Sudden change of plans. My maternity leave just ended. They told me that if I didn't come back today, they were gonna fire me.
What? No, that's illegal. I'm gonna have the labor department down her so fast they won't even...
Alright, alright. Calm down Norma Rae. They didn't actually say that. I'm just afraid if I don't come back right now this guy's gonna try to squeeze me out.
What about Emma? We don't have a nanny.
I know. You know, we're just gonna have to figure out a plan tonight. Can you please just take care of her for today?
Absolutely. Just give me your breast and we'll be on our way.
Come on, I don't know what else to do.
Fine, fine. We'll have fun, won't we? Yes, we will, yes we will.
Whatever I decide to do, I'm gonna be starting a career from scratch. It's gonna be a while before I make a living at it. Maybe now is not the right time to be starting a family.
So you have to tell Monica you don't want to have a baby right now?
Okay, it's baby time. Pants off Bing. Didn't see you there Geller.
Yeah, and I was really hoping that I could hang out. What do you feel like doing?
I don't feel like having sex. Maybe we can watch a movie or something.
Let me put it this way. We're having sex whether you're here or not.
Alright. Now that I'm back, why don't you just fill me in on what you've been up to?
Well, I've changed your screensaver from that picture of *Nsync.
Hey, they were popular when I left!
Also, I've just been working on this big presentation for tomorrow.
Well, I should be involved in that, so why don't you get me up to speed?
That's gonna take weeks. Why don't just let me take care of the presentation?
Oh, no no no no. I see what you're doing here, alright, listen, this is my job buddy. Okay, I've had it for five years, and I know how it works, so why don't you just catch me up!
Oh god. You've totally messed with the back support of my chair. How do you fix this?
Hey, you've been here five years, you figure it out.
Fine, I will. Alright, fill me in!
You have a blue tie that would go with this? Emma spit up on mine.
Oh, yeah. But you have to give it back if I get a job. Of course, by that time in the future ties will be obsolete and we'll all be wearing silver jump suits.
Hi, good morning lover. I gotta say after last night, I'm a little weak in the knees.
Here's an idea. You walk into a room...take a quick scan!
Sorry. But I kind of have this feeling that we may have made a baby last night.
Oh god, I have to tell you something. You're not pregnant.
That thing that I have to do to make a baby. I faked it.
You know what? I don't need a tie. I mean, it's better, open collar. You know, it's more casual.
Joey, listen. I can't do this, it doesn't make any sense. Yesterday I was a nurse, and today I'm a waitress at a cafe?
Oh, sometimes we use the same extras for different parts. It's okay.
Well, it's not okay, because I gave a very memorable performance as the nurse. And now suddenly I'm the waitress? That's gonna confuse my fans.
Maybe you are a nurse, but you moonlight as a waitress.
Uhuh. Because I'm a single mother, supporting my two children.
Wait a minute. Dr. Drake Ramoray and I work at the same hospital. Wouldn't I come over to say hi to him?
No, no. See, you and Drake are having a fight.
He slept with you and then never called you.
And I just wanted a new daddy for Davy and Becky.
Okay, okay, from the top. And...Action!
So, I'm surprised you agreed to have lunch with me.
I'm surprised to, but yet here I am.
Cut, cut! What are you doing!?
Yeah, well, I'm very angry at him, because he slept with me and never called me back.
Oh, calm down! She means on the show! We need some new extras around here!
Yes. Emma and I came in a little early to do research on the presentation. I actually made a few changes, but I think I'm caught up on everything. So ask me anything!
How do you fix the chair?
Except that! Oh, hello, Mr. Zelner. We're all ready for our presentation this afternoon.
Good, because it's in ten minutes.
What? I can't do that! I have the baby, and Ross is not gonna pick her up for another hour.
Well, then Gavin can give the presentation, okay, we have to do it now. Ralph needs to leave early today. He's going helicopter shopping.
Well, there you go. You win, you win. You get to do the presentation, you'll knock 'em dead, no one will ever remember that I worked here, and then Ralph will buy his helicopter, and Super Gavin will just fly right along side of him!
No, I can't, I have a baby.
Because you've worked really hard, and it's your job, and you're a little crazy.
I should tell you that crying women make me very uncomfortable.
Then you're not gonna like what's coming. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you, thank you.
I'm really fine, don't worry, I'm great with children. Gavin Mitchell. Pleased to meet you.
Please don't fire my friend. Just let me talk to her.
Okay, okay. But this is her last chance.
Thank you, thank you. How about I do something for you? Tomorrow, I'll bring you a hat, cover up the bald?
Hey, listen Pheebs. I was just talking to the director, and he was thinking, maybe this time you don't hit Drake, you just wait on the tables?
I can't do that. I'm an actor. I have a process.
You're a masseuse. You have a table with a hole in it.
Wait a minute, I see what's happening here. You're threatened.
Yeah, I'm so good in this scene that I'm stealing focus from you. Well, rise to the challenge Tribianni 'cause I just raised the bar. Come join me up here!
Yeah, you can fire her, but I would call security, she won't go easy.
You faked it? You couldn't have faked it!
Oh yes you can. You just make the faces and the noises.
Guys can fake it? Unbelievable. The one thing that's ours! Besides, why would you fake it when we're trying to have a baby?
That's actually why. Look, I'm starting a whole new career now, and I'm not saying that I don't want to have a baby, I'm just saying maybe we could wait a little while.
Really, you want to wait a year?
It could be less than a year. I mean, you've heard my stuff. "Pants. Like shorts, but longer." It'll probably be more than a year.
I really wanna have a baby.
Yeah, me too. Look, I'll just get my old job back.
No, I want you to have a job that you love. Not statistical analysis and data reconfiguration.
I quit and you learn what I do?
It's just, I think, there's never gonna be a right time to have a baby. I mean, now you're unemployed and in a little while you'll find a new job that'll keep you really busy. There's always gonna be a reason not to do this, but I think once the baby comes, forget about all those reasons.
I guess. It's always gonna be scary when we have a baby.
Should we go make a baby right now before you change your mind?
Oh, and I promise, I will not fake it this time.
I wish I could say the same. I'm a little shook up!
I know you botched that operation on purpose. I can't prove it yet, but when I do, you'll be going to jail for murder. I don't care if you are my brother.
What about my children Drake?! Huh!? No!! No!! No! God!
Oh, she's at home, putting up decorations for Rachel's birthday party tonight.
I tried, but apparantly singing "I will survive" in a helium voice - not helping.
Shhh don't say that loud, Gunther's gonna want to hug me.
Uh, good news everyone, we finally found a nanny. This is Molly . Molly, Chandler, Joey.
Ooh, somebody's getting a little fussy.
You damn right I am, I've been waiting for a cookie for 7 minutes.
Ok, you know what, I'm just gonna take her outside.
No, you stay, I'll do it .
Nice to meet you guys .
Oh, wow, Molly is just great!
Yes, Bravo on the hot nanny.
What? You really think she's hot?
Are you kidding? If I wasn't married she'd be rejecting me right now.
How do you think she's doing?
Am I the only one who doesn't think that she's hot? Ross?
Eh, I mean, I mena she's not unattractive but hot? I ....
So hot I cried myself to sleep last night.
Hey Mike, what's the capital of Peru?
No. It starts with a "v" and ends with an "x". Helpfully with a "to" in the middle.
You know, kinda think of it, the capital of Peru IS "vtox". Oh god! Oh!
OK, I don't want to freak you out or anything, but I think I just saw a rat in your cupboard.
What, is he your pet rat?
Well not so much a pet as, you know, an occasional visitor who I put food out for, you know. Kinda like Santa. Except Santa doesn't poop on the plate of cookies.
You can't keep a rat in your appartment! They're extremely unsanitary, and they transmit leptospirosis and hantavirus.
I don't know but they don't sound like spa treatments. You have to get rid of it!
OK, fine, if it means that much to you I'll get rid of Bob.
So weird, you think he's so gross and you're willing to eat his crackers.
Gavin, I just wanted to say thank you again for watching Emma yesterday during the presentation. I really owe you an appology.
Well, when we first met, you know, I thought you were pompous and arrogant and obnoxious ...
No, I just mean that, you know, first impressions don't mean anything. And I-I think you're a really good guy and I'm sorry that I misjudged you.
I was giving you an appology and you were totally checking her out!
I wasn't checking her out. I'm in fashion, I was looking at her skirt. Or was it pants? I didn't really see what happened below the ass area.
Oh wow, you are really, you're really a creep.
Why do you even care if I was looking at her? Are you jealous?
Oh yeah, I'm jealous. "Oh Gavin, please, please look at my ass". Stop looking at my ass! I mean, I just think you are totally inappropriate, ok? This is a work environment, she's your subordinate.
I thought it was ok when you slept with your old assistant Tag.
That is totally different for two reasons. One - I didn't know that you knew that. And two, I wasn't some creep staring at his ass, we had a deap meaningful relationship.
It was ... oh my god. He didn't have a last name. It was just "Tag". You know, like Cher, or, you know, Moses.
But it was a deap meaningful relationship.
Oh, you know what - my first impression of you was absolutely right. You are arrogant, you are pompous ... Morgan! Morgan! Tag's last name was Morgan! Huh!
Yeah well what are you, his boyfriend?
Man, I wish I had a nanny like you.
You mean, when you were a baby.
Would you stop staring at her?
I wasn't staring. I was leering.
What's the big deal with her? Maybe she's attractive in an obvious kind of way.
Yeah, obvious beauty's the worst. You know, when it's right there in your face. Me, I like to have to work to find someone attractive. Makes me feel like I earned it.
Looks like Joey is doing allright with her.
Yeah. Hey, that was nice of you guys to back off and let Joey get the girl for once.
I'm gonna take her back to the appartment.
Ok, I'll be home right after work. Ok, by Emma-Wemma-Demma, I love you - wovyou dovyou ...
They've elected me to talk to you about the baby talk - it's not so good.
Hey, listen, Joey, about Molly, I really prefer if you didn't go after her.
Because it took us months to find a good nanny and I wouldn't want anything to, you know, drive her away.
So, what, you think I'm just gonna sleep with her and never call her again and things are gonna get uncomfortable? Yeah, sounds about right.
Come on, there are plenty of other women out thereok? Just - just forget about her, ok? Just, she's off limits.
Oh, man, why did have to go and say that for? Now that you told me I can't have it makes me want her even more!
Joey, come on now, for me! Please, just-just try to focus your sexual energy on someone else.
No, no, to test his neck strength.
No, Mike, I don't want to kill him! I thought we were just gonna capture him and, and you know, set him free in the country side where he can maybe meet a friendly possom and a wisecracking owl.
Ok, ok, I'll throw away the traps.
I'll find Bob, I'll get him. Bob? Bob! Robert! Oh wait, I think I hear him. Oh - Oh my god! Bob had babies! Bob's a mom!
Better think of a new name for him.
I don't know, I kinda like Bob for a girl.
I don't know, I mean I'm not sure ...
Oh my god, we killed Bob!
Maybe it wasn't Bob, maybe it was a mouse.
Listen, can you do me a favor? I'm gonna be out today. Can you just keep an eye on Joey, make sure nothing happens between him and Molly?
Wh - No. Some woman who sounded a lot like Joey called earlier and asked for her daughter, the "hot nanny".
Is this really your long term plan, for me to run interference? Because I could get a job any day now.
You do appear right on the cusp of something. Come on man, I'm sure he'll lose interest in a week or two, but for now can you please just do this for me?
Allright, fine, but don't blame me if it doesn't work. Because you know as well as I do that once Joey sets his mind on something, more often than not, he's going to have sex with it.
Well we gotta do something, ok? Nannies like her don't grow on trees.
Oh. You mind if I join you?
Actually, that will be long. You know, I really need to organize my thoughts.
Allright, fine, I only have one thought! It's about the hot nanny, I gotta see her!
I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Joe.
Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me! She's forbidden fruit! It's like ... like she's the princess and I'm the stable boy ... Why are you doing this, huh? Did Ross tell you not to let me go over there?
Yes, as a matter of fact he did, so I can't let you go.
Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.
Rachel Green's office!! Give me that phone! Hello, this is Rachel Green, how can I help you? Uh huh ... ok then ... I'll pass you back to your son.
Hey Mom! No, that's just my secretary.
Um, excuse me Gavin, I have a question I need to ask you.
Mom, I'll call you later. Yeah. Yes?
If you like looking at butts so much why don't you just go look at a mirror?
Thank god you finally said that, I saw you make a note on your pad three hours ago. Man, I really bug you, don't I?
Oh, please, I don't care about you enough to bug me. In fact, from now on, I'm going take the high road. And I'm going be very very nice to you, you "momma's boy", starting right now.
Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to introduce you to my very talented colleage and more importantly my wonderful friend Gavin Mitchelle.
Pleased to meet you. So you're coming to Rachel's party tonight?
Oh no no no no no, Gavin can't, he already has plans, most likely with his mother.
Well I don't mind, I'll cancel. I would never miss my secretary's birthday.
Why did you invite him?? I can't stand that guy!
You were just being so nice to him!
I was faking it! Can't you tell when I'm being fake?
Right there! That was so fake!
I still can't believe you invited Gavin. Allright, he is the last person I want to see.
Oh, you're welcome for the party. I'm glad you're having a good time.
God, I hope he doesn't show up. Of course he's not gonna show up, the guy hates me.
Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild always pushed me on the playground because he secretly had a crush on me?
Oh, Monica, you think Skippy liked you? Honey, all those buys had a bet to see if he can knock you over.
She's out, I'm gonna take her home.
Oh, ok, thank you. Do you see what all the guys see in her?
Wouldn't kick her out of bed. No more Vodka for me!
Hey Rach, so can I sing happy birthday to you now?
Oh ... Happy birth ... oh, see you later.
Hey Rach, somebody got you shoes!
Be careful, be careful! These are my rat babies!
Yeah. We have rat babies now.
Ahhhh , you brought rats to my birthday party?
So this is what a stroke feels like.
I had to bring them! We killed their mother, they're our responsibility now. You know, they require constant care. You should know that, Rachel, you're a mother.
Are you comparing my daughter to a rat?
No! Seven rats! I think we should take them home, we need feed them.
whhh wait, you're gonna leave my party to take care of a box of rats?
Well I'm sorry Rachel, but I'm not like you, ok? Not everyone can afford help.
Where the hell are Joey and Molly? I asked you to watch them.
I'm sorry, I got a little occupied.
We have to stop them before something happens!
So you see, Molly, what people don't understand is that acting is a discipline. It takes a lot of hard work.
Oh, I didn't go to college.
No, where did you study acting?
Molly ... people don't study acting ...
Molly, ah, do you mind giving us just a minute?
Sure, I'll go check on Emma.
Will the stable boy never get the princess??
What do you think you're gonna do, have sex with her right here on my couch?
No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair. What makes you think that I'm just gonna sleep with her and then blow her off? Huh? Can't you guys open your minds to the possibility that I actally like her, and might want something real? Look, the truth is, I haven't felt this way about anyone since Rachel, ok? I didn't think I could ever love again.
Hey! Guys, this is Tabatha . I'll see you tomorrow.
Ok ... Well, uh, Joey, I guess we have no problem.
It's like my favorite fairy tale come true! The princess, the stable boy and the lesbian!
Ok, ok, you start preparing the formula and I start changing the box and then we gotta put them straight to bed.
Hey, when did we become one of those couples whose lives revolve around their rats?
Well, you know what, they're our responsibility now.
Ok, fine, these rats are our responsibility. What happens when they mate and there are hundreds of them?
Mate? They're all brothers and sisters.
Yeah - not such a problem with rats. No, they're more of a "love the one you're with" kind of animals.
No. wh - get off your sister! Oh my god, what are we gonna do? We have 7 rats. So what if each of them has 7 rats? And then each of those have 7 rats? That's like ... That's math I can't even do! What are we gonna do?
Well, I know this is gonna sound crazy, but, we could not let the box of rats ruin our lives.
Yeah, ok. I guess you're right. Allright, so we should just give them away. But to nice families, with children, and reduced fat wheat thins. They're Bob's favorites.
Good. It's just so hard, it's hard for me to ... let them go. I guess it just brings back memories, you know, from ... when I gave birth to my brother's triplets and I had to give them up. I haven't told you about that yet, have I?
Hi. Thanks for the party, honey. Should I help you clean up?
No way! You had your party, now I have mine! Is everything alright?
Yeah, I just get a little bummed when my birthday's over.
Well, at least you have one thing to be happy about. That jerk Gavin from your office didn't show up .
Oh, we weren't talking about you. No, no way to recover.
Well, it was, and you would have seen it if you didn't showed up at ... 9:30?? God! Oh, this party was lame ...
Look, I'll just give you this and go.
Oh, you bought me a present! Why?
Well, let me explain how birthday parties usually work. There are presents, and a cake, perhaps a fourth or fifth person. Ok, I ... got you the present to make up for being such a jerk to you earlier.
Aww. Well, ok, well that's very nice. And you wrote a card . "From Gavin"
You don't mind? Well, what do you know, it fits!
See, Gavin, you're capable of being a nice guy. Why did you give me such a hard time?
Well Monica seems to think it's because you have feelings for me.
I do have feelings for you.
Yes, I feel that you are a little annoying.
See? Why, Gavin, why? Right when I'm about to change my opinion of you, you go and you ... and you do that ...
First I was afraid, I was petrified.
Listen, I think I've left something here.
Oh, well someone left this . This is yours?
No, but I like it. I think I left one of my rat babies.
Oh, uh, well, I haven't seem it but if I do I'll let you know.
Ohmygod! Rat baby! Rat baby! Rat baby!
Yeah! Yeah! OK! Sure! Look! Can we...can we talk about what happened here last night?
Sure! Just give me a second to get all huffy and weird like you! Do you believe that who everdid something over here last night did what they did or didn't do ...I mean come on!!
OK you...you really don't know what I am talking about?
OK! Last night after the party I saw Rachel kissing that jerk from her office out on your balcony.
Our balcony? Seriously? That's so funny because I told Monica we should put lights on our balcony. And she said"No, no. It's too cold, nobody will go out there." And I said "Maybe if we put some light out there they will"
Right that's why I came over to talk about. Hum...I saw Rachel kissing some guy on your balcony,even though there were NO LIGHTS !
So are you gonna...talk to her?
Why...Why should I? I mean if she wants to move on, that's fine!
You know when "That's fine" sounds true when someone yells it and spits!
No I'm serious. I mean she wants to date people? Fine! I don't care but...at least she could have told me. You knowI...I've been putting my life on hold and just concentrating on Emma but if she wants to go out there kissing guys shebarely knows, then so will I ! Very funny! Ross is gay! Ah! Ah!
No no no. Good. So you're moving on? Do you have any idea where you're moving?
I don't know. I mean I have plenty of opportunity. Just just now there were some women at the coffee house smiled at me.And then the other day on the subway a woman "accidentally" sat on my hand.
Dude, don't rub my face in your crazy single life!
Well, and how about this? There is an anthropologist at school who totally came on to me during the inter-departmentalPotluck dinner.
Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new headshot taken tomorrow right and the photographer said she thinks Ishould have my eyebrows waxed. Is that weird for a guy?
On how far along he's in the sex change process!
No I totally disagree. No I think it's fine for a guy to do something like that. Such you an actor. Not that you need to,your eyebrows are...
Ok! Stop it you guys! Stop staring! You're freaking me out!
Your knuckles are kinda hairy too...
Oh man! I have to get those done too?!
Hey hey! You dye your hair!
Oh before I forget, are you coming to Mike's piano bar tonight?
Only if I don't have to get up and sing.
But everybody sings. It's so much fun! Last time this adorable old man got out there, forgot all of the words, flipped outand everyone booed him off the stage. So funny.
It's just, I'm not good at singing.
Oh! What's the matter? Are you scared? You're afraid I'm a better singer? You're afraid I'm gonna beat you at singing?
No no, it's not working on me. Wow! I must be growing up!
OK fine! Please come and support Mike. You don't have to sing.
So I don't have to sing and I can just sit there and pass judgments on others?
Hi guys! Listen I really need your help. I think I did something really stupid.
Well yes Rachel but you got something so beautiful out there.
No not that. I kissed Gavin last night.
Yeah. It was after the party, we were on the balcony and...
Wait wait wait. I was at home the whole time. How did I missed that?
It was the end of the party, you were probably ironing wrapping paper.
Oh yeah...So how did you end up kissing?
You know we were all alone and he was being really nice to me and, oh and he gave me this scarf...
You know honey, there is a thin line between love and hate, and it turns out that line...is a scarf!
So are you thinking of starting up something with this guy?
I don't know. It's so complicated. I work with this guy, you know, I have the baby, and I have Ross, and I just...I don'tknow what to do and I have to be at the office and see Gavin in ten minutes.
Sounds like you need to think about what you want, talk to Gavin, and you definitely should talk to Ross.
Or...I could call in sick and not deal with it at all...
Wow! Five-month maternity leave, you're back for four days, kiss a co-worker, call in sick, they are lucky to have you!!
Hey. I'm here for my eyebrow appointment.
Ok. Very good. Have a seat right over here Mr. Bing and Sonia will be right with you.
OK Thanks.. I touched the stuff.
Thanks. Do you get a lot of guys in here?
Are you looking to meet somebody?
All right let's just do this.
We'll get to the wax in a minute. First I want to tweeze some of the strays, ok? This may sting just a little bit...
Please I have an extremely high threshold...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! I'm all right! I'm all right!Just a little bit of shock that's all but I'll be fine you can go again. I'm OK Dammit! Woman!! How Hoooow!
Hey it's the most eligible man in NY. How's the moving on going?
Not well. I went on the subway again and someone did sit on my hand but that person was neither female nor wearing pants.
Well maybe you're going about this the wrong way. You know I mean think about it. Single white male, divorced three times,two illegitimate children. The personal ad writes itself....
That's funny...Do you think you'll ever work again?
What are doing? You know I can only dish it out!
I can't believe Rachel just moved on and didn't say anything to me.
Maybe she didn't move on, you know...maybe that kiss was just an impulsive one-time birthday thing.
No no, about a month ago she gave her number to some guy in a bar.
Did she go out with him?
No. When he called, I...I threw the message away.
You know what? Enough! Enough talking! I have to get moving! Hey check out those two blondes over there!Hey come with me!
Are you trying to get everybody divorced?
You don't have to do anything. It will just be easier if it is the two of us, like college, remember? You...you break theice with some kind of jokes so that they know you're the funny one and I swoop in with some interesting conversation, sothey'll see that I'm the brilliant, brooding, sexy one...
I thought I had to make the jokes!
Don't you have to be at work?
Oh come on! Hello! Hi! My name is Chandler, here's my friend Ross right here, and we were wondering you know if you're up for it. We only need six more people for a human pyramid...Swoop!! Swoop!!
Hum...So...hum...Oh hey I noticed you were reading the paper...another flood in Europe? Here's a question: "Would you...would you rather drown or be burnt alive?"
Gavin! I brought you some soup.
Oh! Right! Yeah! Hold on, I'll be just clean up in here a little bit! Hello Gavin.
I missed you at work today. How are you feeling?
I a not gonna lie to you, I'm pretty sick.
Oh! Good! Because I was having a totally paranoid moment when I thought you called in sick to avoid me.
So I had fun last night.
Exactly how contagious is this thing you have? I mean is it a cold for standing on the balcony or did a monkey bite you?
Do you have fever? Let me see. Hum...
What's Ross doing to you on that picture?
Oh he's dusting me with a fossil brush. He thought it would be funny.
Right. Right. Ross. So what's the deal with you guys? I don't want to get in the middle of anything.
Oh you're not. You're not gonna get in the middle of anything, don't worry about Ross really, really. Oh! Hide! That's Ross! Hide! Hide!
Yeah! But you said not to worry about...
I lied! And I'm not sick! Just stay behind the curtain!
No I'm here to take Emma to your mother's, remember?
There is a man behind your curtain. I have a mace in my purse.
No! That's OK! That's OK! That's OK! No no no no! This is my business associate Gavin. He's just being silly.Gavin come out from behind that curtain!
Hi! Gavin! Please to meet you. It was my idea to stand there.
Hello! I just go and get Emma.
So hum...Why did I have to hide?
So what if it was? I thought there was nothing going on between you two...
There isn't. There is totally isn't.
You hear a key in the hole and you jump like a young bronco coming out of a chute for the first time. I used to be arodeo clown.
All right. Look. Gavin...I...I guess I felt guilty that you were here, which I shouldn't. You know Ross and I are not inany relationship but...he is the father of my child, and you know we do live together and plus there is just so muchhistory...you know it's just...I don't know, I'm sorry, I'm just all over the place.
It's OK. I know it's probably not my place but can I give you a piece of advice?
I think you should talk to Ross about all this.
People keep saying that. Oh I'm sorry Gavin.
Don't be. It's just bad timing.
One of the best, ma'am, one of the best...
"No time for losers, 'cause we are the champions of the world...!" Thank you!
Oh she's my girlfriend. That's not just how we do it here. I got to get a break and when we come back we've got Kennethsinging "I touch myself"...I'm not here to judge!
Hi hi...Oh you have got to sing.
No I told you I can't.
But you would have so much fun and you have a really nice voice.
What have you heard me sing?
All the time when you're cooking.
Yeah you're always singing "Yummy yummy yummy, I've got love in my tummy"
Yeah I do rock that one.
OK so isn't there a little part of you that wants to get up there?
Just a little but...it's just so scary! I don't even know what I would sing...
Well I've got a book around...
Hi! I could help not notice, but that's an unusual necklace.
You already hit on me an hour ago.
Right, so that's a firm "no". I cannot believe this, I just keep striking out.
I don't get it neither, I mean you're obviously desperate, you're asking women how they want to be killed.
This is great. Rachel's gonna keep kissing guys until she finds the one she wants and I'm gonna die alone.
Why would he break up with me?
All I ever wanted was just love him and have him love me back. I mean, am I so unlovable?
All right, that was Kenneth with his much too literal rendition of "I touch myself". Coming up next we've got Monicasinging "Delta Dawn".
Wait wait! I can't sing in front of all these people.
Just pretend they're not even here! It's OK Monica, when that spotlight hits you it so bright you won't see anyoneanyway.
Hi! I'm Monica and I'm gonna be singing "Delta Dawn""Delta Dawn, what's that flower you have on? Could it be a faded rose from days gone by? ..."
Can you totally see through her shirt ?
Like an X-Ray. Bad day not to wear a bra.
"To take you to his mansion in the sky-y?"
Wow, it seems serious. What seems to be the problem, Ashley Judd?
Look, I'll get new headshot taken, all right, so I want to get my eyebrows shaped.
I am sorry, moment to make fun of that, please!
You may be a sissy but I'll still . All right, it hurts so bad, I could only let her do oneeyebrow and now... they don't match!
It's like a baby caterpillar chasing its mama!
All right, look, you got to help me out, ok? Look, I have the magic marker, I want you to fill in the skinny one soI don't look stupid for my pictures.
Ok. First of all, this is green!
What the hell am I supposed to do!
All right, I will help you out but you have to promise me you will not tell anyone what I am about to tell you.
Ok, you know how most kids get their allowance from mowing the lawn or taking out the garbage, well I earned mineby plucking the eyebrows of my father and his "business" partners.
Yeah, well, I guess you don't need my help Victor Victoria!
Ok all right, no, no, no, no, I do, I do, I do, I need your help, but Chandler I don't know if I can take anymoreplucking. It hurts so bad!
Oh, not with my combination of ice cubes, aloe Vera and my gentle self-loathing touch.
"Take me to the mansion in the sky-y". I am sorry, the song is over. Did you see me out there?
I can't believe I did this. I can't believe I'm singing for the people, and they liked me! Hey, did you hear thatone shouting "look at those tips"! I mean, did I really help you get a lot of tips?
Mon', not that you didn't sound good, but...
Good? Didn't you hear them...I was great! Thank you so much for making me do this. That's is the best gift ever.
Thank you so much for letting me do this. Public bathrooms freak me out, I can't even pee, let alone doanything else.
But, what's great is that you don't mind talking about it.
It's so amazing I met you the same day that Eric broke up with me, because it's like you lose a boyfriend,you get a boyfriend.
No don't worry, this is not some rebound thing. I am totally over Eric.
Oh, hey! Hi, there you are, I've been looking for you everywhere!
Oh, yeah, hello, well, now, here I am.
Listen, my mum is not bringing the baby back until nine o' clock. So I was hoping you and I could have achance to kind of talk... somebody here?
Oh, just this woman I've been seeing.
Yeah, didn't I mention that? Yeah, I mean, we haven't being going out for too long, but rather there is thisamazing connection between us. I-I mean, in fact just before you came in she called me her boyfriend. I thought it wasa little too soon, but it was also, you know, it was kinda nice.
What are you taking amoxicillin for?
How great is this? You are already comfortable enough to look through my stuff. Oh, I am sorry Michelle, that'smy roommate, Rachel.
Hi, and I am also Emma's mother.
I told you about my daughter.
This is your daughter? I can be your new mummy!
Oh my God! I didn't feel a thing ! Hey, are you still looking for a job because you can tweeze circles aroundthat sadistic bitch at the saloon.
Thanks. You wanna see what it looks like?
Yeah, yeah. Hey, they totally match! They look great! They look great! How you doing!
Yeah, yeah, I think it looks pretty good. I was a little worried I was uncovering a birthmark right aboutthere, but it turned out to be a little piece of chocolate.
Listen that's a pretty girly hour we just spent, we should add some manly make up for it.
Ok, for my next song I think I'll sing something a little more upbeat. All right? Oh, how about the PointerSisters "I am so excited". And make it bouncy!
Oh you'll probably take care of that on your hands.
I am sorry I am late. You'll understand when you'll see Joey.
Honey, you're just in time, I'm about to sing another song!
Really? In front of all this people?
Yes, she gives the people what they want.
"Tonight's the night we're gonna make it happen, tonight we'll put all other things aside. Give in thistime and show me some affection..."
Oh? Isn't that funny? I didn't see that before, I wouldn't have let her go up again.
Oh, who cares, they still love me! "I am so excited..."
Wow. She does that a lot!
Ross, you didn't tell me you were a doctor!
What, what, wait a minute! You haven't even told her you were a doctor, yet? How long have you known her, likean hour?
Actually about an hour and a half.
I told you it wasn't long, but there is an amazing connection between us.
You feel that too? Oh, I thought that was just me!
Hey, do you want to go away this weekend?
Ok, Ross, what's going on here, are we just bringing strange women back to the apartment now?
I don't know, are we just kissing guys on balconies?
How do you know about that?
Through the magic of sight! I was here, putting our child to sleep...
When I happened to look through the window and I see you kissing a guy you know, for what? A week?
Oh, that's what this is all about? Did you bring her up here to get back at me?
No, actually, see I had to pee, 'cause I can't use public bathrooms because the doodie parasites.
Ok, Michelle, it's time to go.
No, wait, you don't have my phone number!
You know, if it's meant to be, I'll guess it. Bye, bye.
Oh, I am sorry, did you not like her, because I was hoping that we could come to one of your kissing parties onthe balcony.
Oh God, I can't believe you're making such a big deal about this. It was one kiss, one guy, one time!
What about the guy from the bar?
The guy you gave your number to.
Whoa, how do you know about that?
Because he called here looking for you. So don't tell me this...this kissing this guy from work is a one time thing,ok? You've been out there in bars and on balconies for over a month now. And you didn't even have the courtesy to tell me.
Why didn't I get that message?
From the guy in the bar, why didn't I get that message?
Because I folded it up and put in my pants pocket. Do you...do you not look there?
I never gave it to you.
Oh God. You know what? Who you think you are? Who are you to decide what messages I should or should not get?
I am the guy who's taking care of our baby while you're out at bars meeting guys!
Oh my God, I cannot believe this. You know I actually came in here hoping to have a mature conversation with youAbout us! But I can't do that with someone who hides my messages and brings crazy women back to my apartment!
None of the sane ones wanted to come back with me! That's not the point. Ok? The point is you...you are the oneWho moved on and didn't tell anyone!
Oh, Ross, this is just so messed up! What's wrong with us? You know when people hear about our situation theyAlways ask, "what, you live together but you're not a couple? And you have a baby, isn't that weird? And I say "No.You know what, it's not, because it works for us! But you know this doesn't work. In fact this is the opposite of working!
And you know, we said that we would, we would live together as long as this makes sense. An maybe this, you know,Just doesn't make sense anymore.
Yeah, maybe not. So what you wanna do?
Hi. Can Emma and I live here for a while?
"Jeremiah was a bullfrog. Was a good friend of mine, never understood a single word he said, but I helped himdrink his wine." So you just touch yourself for anything?
Hey! You remembered to put clothes on this morning.
Oh, Joey, it's so great to be back here. I gotta tell you, you're making it so easy on me and Emma.
Hey, it's great having you back. You know, stay as long as you want, and when does she stop crying all night?
Hey, you're not naked! So hey, Rach, when will we expect to see you tonight?
Well, I'll probably be back to pick her up around six, but she's in the bedroom all ready to go. But she did actually fall back to sleep, so...
She's probably exhausted from all that adorable screaming she did last night.
Bye! Hey, I hope Emma isn't making it too hard on you.
Yeah. And look, I just want you to know that with Rachel staying here and everything, all my feelings from before are totally over, okay? And even if they weren't, when you accidentally walk in on a woman using a breast pump...
Sure, I mean, do I wish me and Rachel living together would have worked out? Of course. You know, I'm disappointed, but it's not like it's a divorce.
No, it's not a divorce, it is not a divorce! Anyway, I think Rachel and I need to, you know, get on with our lives, maybe, maybe start seeing other people.
Yeah, sure, why not? In fact, if you know anyone that would be good for me...
Sure, I know lots of girls.
Yeah? Any names come to mind?
Hey. I was just gonna get something to eat. You want something?
Okay, let's see, we got strained peas, strained carrots... Ooh! Strained plums. We haven't tried that yet.
Goodie! Thanks. So, how is it living with Rachel again? I mean, apart from the great food.
I'm fine, I'm fine, it's just, it's just weird what's happening with her and Ross. You know, yesterday he asked me to fix him up with somebody.
Oh my god, Rachel asked me if I knew anyone for her too.
I don't know. They're so perfect for each other; it's crazy.
You know what's crazy? These jars. What is it, like two bites in here?
I just wish they'd realise they should be together.
I know, I know. And when they moved back in together, I figured y'know, that's where things were headed.
I know. They should be a family. They should get married and have more children.
Yes, and they should name one of their kids Joey. I may not have kids; someone's gotta carry on the family name.
You know what? Maybe once they start dating, and they see what's out there, they'll realise how good they are for each other.
Yeah, because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night: Yuck! But we should probably keep it down; she's still in the bedroom.
So, what are we gonna do? Are we just gonna go ahead and set them up with people?
I know; that just pushes them further and further apart.
Yeah. Oh, I know what we can do. We could set Ross and Rachel up on horrible dates, so that they'll realise how good they are together.
Yeah, you know what the best part of it is? I get to do my "plan-laugh."
Shhh! Not so loud, we don't wanna wake up, uh...
You guys aren't doing anything tonight, are you?
See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married? I will have you know that we are very hip, happening people. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to reading the obituaries.
I was just asking 'cause I need someone to watch Emma tonight.
Sure, we'll do that. What are you up to?
Well, Phoebe set me up on a date.
Just figured, 'cause you and Ross are...
What, slept together a year and a half ago? Yeah, I'm all set.
Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I mean, it sounds healthy. I mean, you have needs. Embrace your womanhood!
You want a job? Turn off "Oprah," and send out a resume!
So I'll bring her by around seven? Is that okay?
Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age. Oh, a couple things. Now that she's eating solid food, she poops around the clock. And watch out for your hair, 'cause she likes to grab it. And oh, she's also in this phase where if you leave the room, she screams bloody murder, but ah... Thanks, you guys. Have fun!
Suddenly I wish I was reading my own name.
Hey. I'm so excited; I just set up Rachel with the worst guy tonight.
Well, it's this guy I used to massage. And by massage, I mean hold down so he wouldn't turn over and flash me.
Okay, okay. Wait till you hear who I got for Ross.
She's this really boring woman. She's a teacher!
Yeah, yeah, she's really into history and foreign movies... And oh, oh, she loves puzzles. Huh? Come on, who loves puzzles?
Well, Ross does. What... You're - you're ruining the plan! Joey, you've - you've fixed him up with his perfect woman!
How do you even know a woman like that?
What? I'm not allowed to know smart women?
I met her at the library. I went in to pee.
So now what do we do?
Well, okay, I'll - I'll just call her and tell her the date's cancelled, and find him somebody else.
What if we don't find him somebody else? We'll just tell her the date's off, but we don't tell Ross, and he goes to the restaurant and gets stood up!
Ooh, so this is great! Rachel's gonna have a terrible date, Ross gets stood up, and then they'll realise how good they have it together.
It's not Santa's plan. No, it's...
Yeah, you know, it's not that fun.
No, I think we killed it.
Emma? Emma? Look at me! Well, I think I'll go downstairs for a while.
No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! It's okay, it's okay. I didn't go. Don't cry, it's just a bit! I'm your uncle Chandler; funny is all I have!
Okay, just so you know, I'm gonna be ovulating from tomorrow until the sixth, so don't touch yourself in the next 48 hours.
I'll try to stop. Wait, did you say until the sixth?
Oh my god. Today's the sixth?! I may be done ovulating! I may have also served some very questionable meat at the restaurant.
It's okay. Go take the test and see if we're okay.
Hey, where are all my ovulation-sticks? There's only one here.
I might have checked to see if I was ovulating a couple times.
I am not working. There's not much to do around here!
Excuse me, is there a woman waiting at the bar? Someone average height, dark hair, perhaps doing a puzzle?
Uh, there's a drunk Chinese guy.
Well, if I'm still here in an hour, buy him a drink on me.
Can I get you another glass of wine?
Nah, I don't know if I should. I don't wanna be drunk when I go home alone.
Yeah, it's no big deal. It's just a blind date.
Are you worried your date came, saw you, and left?
Oh, good, because as of four o'clock this afternoon, I am not.
I - I don't think I can.
Come on. I know you're not eighteen anymore, but give it a minute.
Oh my god, Emma. Oh, sweetie, I forgot you were here. Oh, you're right, we can't do this. We can't leave her alone.
Unless... Maybe we do it here. I mean, how much can she even be aware of at this age?
Well, she's aware when we leave the room. She may notice if we start... canoodling in it.
Well, I can't say "hump" or "screw" in front of the B-A-B-Y.
I don't know. I mean, I guess having sex in front of a baby isn't so...
Horrifying? Scarring? Something people go to jail for?
You guess I'm right? When we stayed at that bed and breakfast, you wouldn't have sex with me because you thought a deer was staring through the window.
But what kind of a sick bastard wants to do it in front of a deer?
Wow, everything looks so good! I think I'm gonna have the chicken.
I - I just have to say this; you're really beautiful.
Oh, well, that's - that's very sweet. Thank you.
Oh, come on, you're way out of my league. Everybody in here knows it. Bet that guy over there's probably saying, "ooh, why she out with him? He must be rich!" Well, I'm not!
So, what do think you wanna order? I'm really excited about that chicken.
I'm not funny either. So, if you were thinking, "well, he's not that good-looking, but maybe we'll have some laughs"... That ain't gonna happen.
Well, come on, Steve; let's not rule out nervous laughter. Hey, now wait a minute. Phoebe told me that - that you owned your own restaurant. That's impressive.
It's really fulfilling doing something you hate for no money. That's right. I have no money, I'm not funny, I live in a studio apartment with two other guys, and I'm pretty sure I'm infertile.
Now, come on, come on, Steve. There must be something that you like about yourself.
Phoebe, it's me. I'm going to hunt you down and kill you!
This is the worst date ever. How could you set me up with this creep?
You know, you are talking about one of my dear, dear friends.
I don't care! This guy is a nightmare!
Oh, right, so he gets a little crazy when he's stoned.
Did he go out for a cigarette?
Well, our plan is working. Rachel is having a miserable time, and Ross is just stood up somewhere at a restaurant all alone.
Oh, great, pretty soon they'll be back together.
By the time anyone's figured out what we've done, we'll be in sunny Mexico. Oh, wait, that's the end of a different plan.
Ooh, she's asleep, that means we can...
Yes, but we have to be fast.
Okay, I'll try. And you can't make any noise.
How are ya? How are ya? Where are your babysitters, huh? Why's the bedroom door closed?
You can't have S-E-X, when you're taking care of the B-A-B-I-E!
I've got bad news. The Chinese guy left.
Eh, if it was meant to be, it's meant to be.
Look; you got stood up, who cares? We're gonna show you a good time. Just sit and relax. In fact, let me bring you a crab cake appetizer on the house.
Wow, free crab cakes. Well, that's nice. Although I was hoping to have sex tonight.
What are you doing? Are you trying to get him to stay? Because you can't do that.
Just get out of here, okay?
Eh, okay, the waiters have a little pool going. We have a bet on how long it'll take before you give up and go home.
What? You - you're making money off my misery?
Well, if you stay till 9:20, I am.
This is unbelievable. I - I have never been so insulted in my life. Now, if you'll wrap up my free crab cakes, I'll be on my way.
Well, that was weird. You were loud, and I was fast.
I think we may have really done it this time.
Oh, I wish I didn't have to wait to take a pregnancy test.
You may wanna get some more of those too.
Oh my god, where's Emma? Where's Emma?
Don't ask me, I was in there canoodling you!
Okay, okay, I'm sure that Rachel came home early and picked up Emma. You go look across the hall, and I'll call her cell.
Hey, you better hope that we're pregnant, because one way or another, we're giving a baby back to Rachel.
I - I can't believe I'm crying in front of you. You must think I'm so pathetic.
No, no, no, I admire a man who can cry.
Oh, sorry, it's my phone. Hello?
Oh my god, this is the worst date ever!
Look, you know what, I'm sorry, but did you really think that this was going well? What's up?
Hey, did you stop by here?
Oh, thank god! Emma, there you are!
What? What do you mean, "there you are"? Where was she?
Oh, we were playing "peek-a-boo." She just - she loves it when I'm dramatic.
Why the hell did you take her?
Because you two were having sex!
Don't you lie to me! I could tell by Chandler's hair. You are so lazy. Can't you get on top for once?
All right, all right, we were. We were trying to make a baby. Monica's ovulating.
Hey! It is unacceptable that you two would have sex with Emma in the next room. I'm gonna have to tell Rachel about this.
No, please don't. Please, Joey. She will kill us!
Unless you name your firstborn child Joey.
Hey, I may never have kids, and somebody's gotta carry on my family name.
Look, I think I know the answer to this question, but... Would you like to make love to me?
Eh, it's just as well. Doesn't work anyway.
All right, well that's good to know. Good night, Steve.
I just had a rough night.
Oh, well, I...It's kind of weird talking to you about this, but...
Monica told me you had a blind date.
But is it technically a date if the other person doesn't show up?
Oh, oh no. Do you think she walked in, saw you and left?
Why does everyone keep saying that?
Well, if it makes you feel any better, I wish my date hadn't shown up.
Well, he makes t-shirts for a living, and he thought it would be appropriate to give me this.
Female body inspector? What size is that?
Now, wait a minute. So, they're gonna name their first child Joey?
How - how do I get them to name the next one after me?
It's easy, you just walk in on them having sex.
Oh, so they owe me like, three Phoebes.
Oh my god! Look, it's Ross and Rachel. Oh, the plan is working.
The first date we've had in months, and they were both such disasters.
Oh. Huh. You know, it is weird that Phoebe would set me up on a date that was awful on the same night that Joey set you up on a date that didn't even show.
Wait a minute; you don't think it was intentional? I mean, that's just stupid.
We're geniuses! Yeah, look at them, look at them, they're really bonding.
Oh, yeah, they're falling in love all over again.
Oh, they see us! Oh, they, they look mad. Oh, they figured it out. They're coming this way. Run!
Can you believe they're still not here?
I know. A double blind date, and we both get stood up. What are the chances?
I know, I'm so bummed. Can we have our free crab cakes now?
We've been stood up. And we want our free crab cakes.
Guys, give it a rest. Nobody's betting on you tonight. Although we do have a pool going to see how long it takes that guy to cry.
Guys, guys, I've got great news! Guess what.
Really? Let's get past the moment.
Thank you. I got a job in advertising.
Gosh, what's the pay like? Oh, come on people... come on, now, if I don't know who makes the most, how do I know who I like the most! Hey Joey!
Actually, it pays nothing. It's an internship.
Right. So, it'll be the same except... less sex with you.
So, uh, what kinda stuff do you think they'll have you do there?
Well, it's a training program, but at the end, they hire the people they like.
Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which will probably stink, you know, grown man getting people coffee is a little humiliating.
You know, if I didn't already have a job, I think, I would have been really good in advertising.
Ross, you did not come up with "got milk?"
Yes, I did, I did! I should have written it down!
Where's Chandler? I wanna wish him good luck on his first day. ... and I smelled bacon.
Joey! You never gonna believe it: she called.
I don't know, but it sounds great.
Your agent called. You got that audition.
Oh my god, that is great! That is *** for a play on broadway... and in a real theatre, not that little one underneath the dally like last time.
Well, it must be, because I read and I didn't understand a singe word.
Yeah, and Lennart Haze is starring in it.
He was so good in that movie of MacBeth.
No, but... I saw the previews. They played it right before Jackass.
Yeah, he's done some amazing works.
Oh, yeah. Oh, I loved him in those cell phone commercials.
I know. When the monkey hits him in the face with that giant rubber phone.
Hey! Maybe the monkey will be at the audition!
Don't make me more nervous than I already am!
Can I get you a cup of coffee, Sir?
Oh, no, no, I'm an intern, just like you guys... except for the tie, the briefcase... and the fact that I can rent a car.
Yeah, well, I'm kinda heading into a new career direction and, you know, you gotta start at the bottom.
Right. Look, I know I'm a little bit older than you guys, but it's not like I'm Bob Hope.
This is Joey Tribbiani. Joey, these are the producers and, as you probably already know, this is Lennart Haze.
It is so amazing to meet you. I'm such a big fan of your work.
Well, I've... I've been blessed with a... a lot of great roles.
Tell me about it! "Unlimited nights and weekends!"
You making fun of me? Because I am not a sell-out. I didn't do that for the money, I believe in those phones. I almost lost a cousin because of bad wireless service.
No, I-I-I wasn't making fun of you, honestly, I-I think you were great in those commercials.
Well, I do bring a certain credibility to the role.
Are you kiddin'? When they shoot you out of that cannon.
Peeeeeooooooooch "Hang up that phone!" One take!
Top of act two. This is my entrance. You got it?
"What the hell are you still doing here"?
"I am what you made me. You know what? I could go right now."
"I can't. Oh, I want to, long pause, but I can't."
I'm sorry, sorry. You're not supposed to say "long pause"
Oh, oh, I thought that was your character's name, you know, I thought you were like an Indian or something, you know with a...
No. Thank you so much for coming in. We appreciate it, thank you.
Ah, y-y-you're sure you don't want me to do it again? I could do it with an accent, you know, Southern "I could go right now, maaan!"
Joey, hang on for a second. Lennart, can we talk to you for a moment?
You, you gotta be kidding. See, h-he, he can't act. .
Hey! I-I-I don't care if he's hot, you know. If you want to sleep with him, do it on your own time. This is a play. No, listen: if you insist on this, I will call my agent so fast on a cell phone that has a connection that is so clear he's gonna think I'm next door.
Well, if you wanna come back at the end of the day today, here are my notes. Ready?
Uhm, you're in your head. You-you're thinking way too much.
No, no, no. It's that you're not connected with anything in your body. There's no urgency. The scene is a struggle, uhm, it's a race. Also, what you did was horizontal. Don't be afraid to explore the vertical. And don't learn the words. Let the words learn you.
Couldn't I just sleep with the producer?
Hey, do you wanna go to dinner tonight?
Oh, I can't. I've got a date with that waitress, Katy, yeah, I know we've been only going out like twice, but I have a really good feeling about her.
Alright. Just give me your wallets and there won't be a problem.
O-ok. Just relax, Phoene, just stay calm. . Oh my god, I can't find my wallet.
Alright, lady, now give me your purse!
What do you mean "no"? I knew you'd be my death, Phoebe Buffay.
I'm sorry, Ross, this is my old friend Lowell from the streets. Lowell, Ross.
Ah, it's been so long, so long. I can't believe you're still doing this!
Ough, I know, but I quit smoking!
So you look like you're doing really well! I guess you're mugging days are behind you?
Oh my god. Phoebe, you used to mug people?
Excuse me, Ross, old friends catching up.
Hey, how did the audition go?
Well, they wanna see me again this afternoon, but, err, well, Lennart Haze did not like me.
Well, he said I wasn't urgent enough, you know, and that everything I did was horizontal and I should be more vertical. Oh, and he said that I should think less.
I am so much older than these other interns. I can't compete with them.
So you're a little older. Try to look at the positive: You have all this life experience.
Yes, but I don't think life experience with these.
Wooooooooow It's like they're on fire!
They're these prototype sneakers and come up with ideas on how to sell them which I can't do because no self-respecting adult would ever where these.
I give you $ 500 for them!
What am I supposed to do with these?
Ah, come on, sneakers are easy. You wear sneakers all the time.
Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "skids" and I think I heard somebody say "slorps". And here, look: they've got these wheels to pop out from the bottom so you can roll around 'cause, apparently, walking is too much exercise. Kids, kids, roll your way to childhood obesity! Would you help me try to sell these?
Okay, have you considered using a girl with huge knockers?
No, I don't think that's the kinda thing they're looking for.
Hey, that'd work on me! Why did I get to buy Mrs. Butterwords?
Hey, you'll never guess what just happened... Phoebe and I got mugged!
Yah, because Phoebe knew the mugger!
How do you know a mugger?
I'm sorry I have friends outside the six of us.
You wanna know how she knew him? Because Phoebe used to mug people.
Well, I'm not proud of it, but, you know... sometimes when I was living on the street and I needed money for food and stuff I.
Well, ok, I wasn't rich like you guys, ok, I didn't eat gold and have a flying pony... I had a hard life, my mother was killed by a drug dealer.
Well, anyway, it was a good thing Phoebe knew the knew him, because I was about to do some serious damage!
Well, this must've brought back some really bad memories for you, Ross.
Well, Ross was mugged as a kid.
Yeah, it was pretty traumatic. I was outside St. Marc's Comics... you know, I-I-I was just there minding my own business, you know, seeing what kinda trouble spiderman got into that week-
Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for someone... ... when outta nowhere this thug with a pipe jumps out and says: "Gimme your money, punk!"
I know! And-and the worst part was they took my backpack which had all the original artwork I had done for my own comic book: "Science Boy"
Oh yeah! What was his superpower again?
Well, I-I better get to class Are there any more of your friends I should look out for on my way, Phoebe?
No... actually, you might wanna stay away from Jane street... that's where stabby Joe works.
Okay, I think we have a problem here.
Well, uhm, back in my mugging days, you know, I, uhm, I worked St. Marc's Comics.
Well, a pipe was my weapon of choice and, uhm, pre-teen comic book nerds were my meat.
Well, there was this one kid who had a sticker on his backpack that said-
I know, I'm sorry, but can I just have a quick second to run to the bathroom?
Joey! Here we go. Let's go very quickly!
We must go now, quickly, please.
Ready? "What the hell are you still doing here?"
"I am what you made me! You know what?"
"I, oh, I can't. I want to, but I can't!"
Cut! That was good. That was very good. You did everything I asked for.
Yes. Plus... what you've got that... I don't know what you've got going... this squirmy quality that you bring into the character that I couldn't've even imagined. Wow, hey, here's what we gonna do: come back tomorrow for the final callbacks with the ***, do all of this what you've got going now, but you know what? more, more. Can you do that?
Sure, yeah. I don't have time to say thank you because I really gotta go.
Look at that: still in character, I like it... I plant seeds I can't explain.
Putting on the sneakers... thought I'd get into a younger mindset, you know, to see if it sparked anything.
Yes, how's this: They're so uncomfortable it's like getting kicked in the nuts for your feet!
Probably wanna know what I'm doing...?
Yesterday at my audition, I really had to pee, and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good actor. I got a call-back, so I'm drinking everything. Oh, by the way, that egg nog in our fridge was great!
We gotta get more of that.
You know what... these aren't half-bad! You should suggest something like these to Ralph Lauren.
Okay, first of all, that's stupid and second of all, I'm not allowed to talk to Ralph.
Yah, I think I broke my hip.
No one ever asked me that, what's wrong?
Oh... Well, uhm, there was actually a rather lively discussion about the Pleistocene.
Alright, nothing is worth this. Uhm, I have a confession to make... uhm, okay, you know, that girl that mugged you when you were a kid.
Wh-What are you talking about? It wasn't a girl. It was this huge dude.
You don't have to lie anymore, Ross, I know that it was a fourteen year-old girl.
No, it wasn't. You don't think I would've defended myself against a fourteen year-old.
Oh my god, it was you! I can't believe it, you... you mugged me?
Yeah, and I'm so, so sorry, Ross, I'm sorry, but, you know, if you think about it, it's kinda neat. I mean, well, it's just that I I've always felt kinda like an outsider, you know, the rest of you have these connections that go way back and, you know, now, you and I have... have a great one!
I know, I'm sorry, please forgive me. I don't know what to say.
There's nothing you can say. That was the most humiliating thing that ever happened to me.
... and then, at the end of the commercial, the girls get out of the hut tub and start making out with each other!
That's interesting! Just one thought: You didn't mention the shoes. Who's next? Chander.
Okay... You start on the image of a guy putting on the shoes. He's about my age.
A-huh. So he's rolling down the street and he starts to lose control, you know... maybe he falls... maybe hurts himself. Just then, a kid comes flying by wearing the shoes. He jumps over the old guy and laughs, and the line reads: "Not suitable for adults!"
Oh, thank you, sir... or man-who's-two-years-younger-than-me.
You see? That has a clear selling point. It appeals to our key demographic, it's.... You did you come up with that?
That is great. Good work! Chandler. Thank you.
The cold weather hurts my hip!
Hey, Ross! I know you're still mad at me, but can I just talk to you for a second?
Sure, go ahead. Whoops, sorry, sure, go ahead.
I just really wanted to apologize again and... and also show you something I think you'll find very exciting.
Oh my god, crap from the street?
Look, Ross, in this box are all the things I got from mugging that I thought were too special to sell... or smoke. Anyway, I was looking through it and I found "Science Boy"
Oh my god. I never thought I'd see this again. It's all here. What made you save it all these years?
I can't say, I just thought it was really good... and... maybe would be worth something some day.
You really thought "Science Boy" was worth saving!
Yeah... but you should know, I also have a jar of vaseline and a cat skull in here.
Still... this is amazing... Oh my god, thank you, Phoebe.
You're welcome. And thank you for "Science Boy". I learned a lot from him.
"I-I-I can't tell you somethin' I don't know."
"Alright, here, you want an answer... the answer... is..."
"She never loved me, she only loved you."
"You knew this all along and you never told me? You never told me? I can never forgive you, I can never forgive myself, I have nothing to live for Bang End Scene!"
Absolutely amazing! The part is yours.
Oh thanks, thanks! Now, I really have to get.
Wa-wa-wa-wait! Congratulations! You did it! You did it! You can relax now. Yeah.
Wow, that's a big cable bill! Huh, you don't have a job, but you have no problem ordering porn... on a Saturday afternoon?! I was in the house!
Hey, uhm, Phoebe didn't by any chance mention that.
... that she was the huge guy that mugged you? Yah.
I see. You didn't happen to tell.
Did you see our bank statement? Can this be right?
I know...God. I haven't seen my savings take a hit like this since I was a kid and they came up with double-stuffed Oreos. What happened to all our money?
I'm not sure what they did, but I'm inclined to blame Enron.
I guess with you doing the internship, we're just spending more than we're bringing in.
Maybe I should quit and get a job that pays.
Oh, But you're finally doing something that you love! I can't ask you to give that up. Though it'd be nice if the thing that you love was y'know... finding gold.
You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bills a little late this month and maybe next month we cut back on a few things. And maybe we start eating out of Joey's refrigerator for a change. You're chef... what can you make out of backing soda and beer?
Ok worse case scenario is...we borrow some money from my parents.
Because we don't do that. We are Bings! And if there's one thing my father taught me was... well to always knock before going into the pool house... but the other thing was never borrow money.
Wow! I Had no idea you had this much pride.
That's right! I do! And I'm your man. And I'm going to get us through this situation even if it means you working twice as hard.
I haven't been home in a couple of days and I need to get some more clothes.
Oh...you don't have to go, I have something that will fit you.
I put that tube top on as a joke.
I want to stay too but I've gone as bad as much use out of these boxers as I can..
Why don't you turn them inside ou...
Done it. I'll be back in a couple of hours.
Me too. You know what? I just realised something. I don't wanna go home.
Great! Ok...I'll go get the tube top.
No, no! What I mean is, I hate going back to my apartment now... and partly because I live above a known crack den but... mostly because when I'm there, It's just, I really miss you. So.. do you want to move in together?
Wow, Mike Hannigan...You sure know how to make a girl say "Hell yeah!"
Yeah! Let's do it! Let's live together! Oh god, we're really going to move in together!
I've always wanted to live with a guy. "Pick up your socks!" "Put down the toilet seat!" "No! We're not having sex anymore!" It's gonna be fun!
Listen...I need to know that what I'm about to ask you, will never get back to Chandler.
I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about it myself. Chandler is my best friend, it would be wrong. Good......But wrong.
Ok first of all...It would be great. But that's not what I'm here to talk to you about. I need to borrow some money.
Aww, I don't know Monica y'know... erm... lending friends money is always a mistake.
And I think he would tell you it was a mistake.
Come on...I just need it for some rent and..and some other bills.
Two thousand dollars!? What do you think I am? I soap opera star!?
Oh er... well you know Emma started crawling? I realised that this place, is very unsafe for a baby. So I went to the store and got some stuff to baby-proof the apartment.
Oh...baby-proofing... Why is this such a big deal now? Y'know, when I was a kid it was like.. "Whoops! Joey fell down the stairs!" or er.. "Whoops! Joey electrocuted himself again!" Huh!
Anyway erm, are you going to get a handyman to install this stuff?
No. I was just going to do this myself.
Yeah, Why? You don't think a woman can do this?
Monica...would you please tell Joey that he is a pig?
You're a pig. And you can't do this.
Wha!? What!? Come on! I found the hardware store all by myself!
The hardware store is right down the street.
There is a hardware store right down the street?
Hey you guys! Ok, we've got great news.
Phoebe and I are moving in together.
I know it's so exciting! You know I've never lived with a guy before.
Well you know it's just like living with a girl. Only they don't steal your makeup. Unless they're playing "This is what my sister would look like"
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Okay, well you put down the toilet seat.
Is that a bit you guys do?
We don't do that! Tell her we don't do that!
I can't believe you guys are moving in together. That's, that's great! I mean...I'm happy for you guys..
Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I see someday being married to Mike? Sure! Yeah. Y'know..I can picture myself walking down the aisle in a wedding dress that highlights my breasts in an obvious yet classy way. But do I want that house in Connecticut...you know..near the good schools where Mike and I can send Sophie and Mike Junior.. Oh my god I do.
Phoebe, I had no idea you were so conventional.
I know! I guess I am! Oh my god! Load up the Volvo I want to be a soccer mom!
Oh please, these guys, we haven't even moved in yet and they have us picking out china patterns.
This is easy...Can't do this! Oh! Wow! Seriously I can't do this.
Listen er..I need to ask you a favor but you can't tell Monica anything about it.
I thought you didn't have secrets from Monica.
And that would have made the official party line. Monica and I are having a little financial trouble.
What? What do you mean you know?
Err... I just figured it out! You know, I mean you're not working and the economy is bad.
That's the fastest I have ever thought!
Anyway, err... I need to borrow some money.
Oh! Sure! How much? Two thousand dollars?
Yes! Two thousand dollars exactly! How do you know that!
Err...Well I...Know how much you used to make and I know how much your rent is.
I am on fire! Chandler : Listen...this is really nice. Do you... Did you write a cheque to Monica for two thousand dollars? Did Monica borrow money from you?
I can't believe her! Did she tell you we were having money problems?
Oh no no no no no... It wasn't... It wasn't because of your money problems, it was for something for her.
What would she get for herself for two thousand dollars that she wouldn't tell me about?
I don't want her to get a boob job! That's crazy!
Well it's...It's not that crazy okay? Making them smaller, that would be crazy.
Well hey, I wanna ask you about Monica's little "groomy" joke.
Oh! Alright. Well I think the reason people laugh is becuase it's a play on the word roomy.
I get the joke. Sophisticated as it was. Now the thing I wanna say is... maybe we should have talked about this before. Us living together, you're not expecting a proposal, right?
Oh no! No no! Not at all. We're just moving in right now. See where it goes.
Yeah well, that's the thing. For me it's as far as it can ever go.
Look. Phoebe, I-I love you. Very much. But I never want to get married again.
It's just my first marriage was, you know such a disaster. I kind of lost faith in the whole idea.
At one point near the end she deliberately defecated.....
Ok, well that's bad. But don't you think it might be different with someone else? Perhaps a blonde who always uses a toilet. Except for once in the ocean.
Look it's not about who I would marry. And I was certain the first time I got married it would last forever. And I was totally wrong!
Look Phoebe, It's not about you. I just never wanna get married again.
I'm sorry. Are you ok with that? Cause if not...maybe us moving in together isn't the best idea.
No! I definitely don't wanna get married. No I just wanted to make sure you didn't want to too. Whew! Coz you know when we move in and you start changing your mind there's gonna be hell to pay mister!
So you gave in and decided to call someone?
Yeah, I don't know who I was kidding. I can barely use chopsticks.
Oh thank you so much. Oh oh wait! You forgot your erm...Your game.
Hey Rach! There she is...My perfectly proportioned wife.
Don't look at me I never get his jokes.
Oh no..don't thank me. Thank you. You know there's not one thing I would change about you? Not one single thing! And definitely not... two... single things.
Ok, you're being wierd. Do you want sex or did you do something bad?
No no! I just love the way you look, I am warm, for your form.
Ok..You know the old classics you know,You look nice? They're still ok.
Well yes yes... You look nice can mean that your face looks nice. I want to compliment your body. I mean..I wouldn't change it. At all. And more specifically, I wouldn't want anything to get any bigger.
I mean, You wouldn't want any part of me to get any bigger would you? Don't answer that.
Just when you thought that dude couldn't get any wierder.
I know why do you think he was so worried about me getting bigger?
I don't know! I mean, what brought that on?
Oh my god. We're trying to get pregnant so he's probably starting to freak out about the fact that my body is going to change.
No you really think that's what it is?
You heard him! "No bigger!" "You're perfect!" "Just don't get any bigger!" Oh my god he sounded just like my high school wrestling coach. You know what? I'm going to have to talk to Chandler.
Yeah! If you don't I will! Of course your body's gonna change. Your breasts are gonna get bigger, your ass is gonna get bigger, you're gonna lose bladder control. God! It's just such a magical time!
Listen, I wanted to ask you something about marriage.
Oh great now you're seeking me out to make jokes? I mean I can see for all hanging out but to come to my home!
No...I really wanted to know how you feel about it.
Mike doesn't ever wanna get married.
wow, are you still going to move in with him?
I want to, but I just want you to tell me that marriage isn't really that big a deal. You know that I won't, I won't be missing out on anything. That marriage stinks!
Yeah, marriage... stinks! I mean if you wanna see a man gain weight and a woman stop shaving? Get them married.
That's not how you really feel is it?
No, I'm sorry. Look I don't think that's what you wanna hear right now but I can't help it. I love marriage.
If you have to call me name, I prefer "Ross the Divorcer". It's just cooler. Look, I know my marriage isn't exactly work out. But I love to be that committed to another person. And Carol had some good times before she became a lesbian... and once afterward. I'm sorry.
It's ok that's how you feel.
But come on! I mean living together will be great! I mean you guys have so much fun and you love Mike.
Yeah see? And you are so excited about moving in together before, and you know what? You should be. It's a big deal!
Yeah I guess you're right. Yeah thanks. This helped. Thanks.
Rach?! Rachel!!!!? So I can't do anything I like????
Hey Rach! Ah........ Perfection. Wouldn't change a thing. Not a thing.
About that? Erm...I'm going to change.
But honey you don't have to.
Honey I... I love your breasts the way they are!
Well, my breasts are going to get bigger weather you like it or not! And you know what? It's not just my breasts. My ass is going to get bigger too.
Man, don't be surprised if her hands and her feet get bigger too!
It's kind of a package deal!
God why why would you want to do that to yourself!?
I thought I was something that we both wanted!
Alright look, if it means that much to you, a may be able to get on more with the big boobs. But the giant ass and the big clown feet?
Oh my god Chandler! If you can't handle this, what are you going to be like in the hospital? With the blood and the screaming and the little present that's shooting out of her!?
Joey! Why did you tell Chandler that Monica was getting a boob job?
Joey, Chandler knows I borrowed the money.
Mmmm hmm! For your boob job!
OK so I'm out four thousand dollars and nobody's boobs are getting any bigger?
Hey! What do you guys think about this. "Ross: The Divorce-Force".
Hey Pheebs, you know I'm i'm really glad you came to talk to me the other day and I hope I was a little helpful.
Oh yeah you were helpful! Yeah, no, thanks you.
Good, good. Yeah coz the more I thought about it, the more I realised I don't think marriage is neccessarily the right path for you.
Well, I know the other day in the coffeehouse you were caught up in the whole soccer mom thing? but is that really you? I mean can you honestly picture yourself in a Volvo?
I don't know you'd be so bored with marriage. I mean it's so... normal.
Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul... but these last three feet are where it gets really tricky.
You know sometimes your words... they hurt.
Hey uh, where do you guys want this?
Yeah, seriously coz this is really heavy. I mean not for me because i'm only pretending to hold this, but for these guys.
Just one last time erm... the marriage thing... there's no wiggle room? None at all?
No but... You don't want to get married either right?
Right. Except that I do want to get married.
Couldn't have this conversation down at the truck huh?
I haven't exactly had a normal life and I never really felt I was missing out on anything but it just feels that now it's my turn some of the regular stuff.
But if you wanna get married why didn't you say something before?
Because I just didn't know how much I wanted it. And I love you, and I wanted to live with you.
I want to live with you too! Let's do that!
But I don't think I can! it was ok to move in when I didn't know what was gonna happen, but I can't move in knowing that nothing is ever gonna happen.
Can we at least try living together? I mean you might change your mind about marriage.
Me neither. I think I need to be with someone who wants what I want.
But I don't want this to end.
I don't want it to end either.
I can't believe this is gonna end. I guess I'll have my stuff packed up.
Bye bye Mike!/Cya mike!/Bye mike!/Bye bye now!
Ah, look on the bright side, I mean you won't have to live with this ugly chair! That was here already huh? I love you.
AH HAH! I DID IT! HA HA! Alright... Better take all I can carry. Who knows when i'll be able to get in here again!
Oh yeah, let me just finish this.
Hey Ross, check this out! yeah, I can't do that!
Have you seen this? It's a new alumni website for college! It's cool! You can post messages for people, let everyone know what you're up to.
Great, a faster way to tell people that I'm unemployed and childless .
It's actually kinda interesting to find out what people are doing... remember Andrea Rich?
The tall girl who wouldn't sleep with you?
Uh uh... well, her Internet Company went under and she lost an ear in a boating accident...
Bet she'd sleep with you now...
Let me see what you wrote about yourself: "Doctor Paleontology, two kids... " You split with Carol because you have different interests?... I think you split with Carol because you've one very similar interest!
You know what? I'm gonna finish this later, ok? Let me just grab my coat.
What do you think you learnt how to do in the last two minutes??
Maybe we finish this for him! "Also I cloned a dinosaur in my lab. She's now my girlfriend. I don't care what society says. It's the best sex I've ever had"... aaand SEND!
No, no, no... what do... you can't do that to him!
I think you made it clear you cannot be trusted with the ball inside the house!
Oh, it was a lot of fun right up until Chandler got a finger in the eye!
Chandler... hey... Rach... what's Hugsy doin' in the crib with Emma?
She was just crawling around and she found him, so I just let her sleep with him. That's all right? Isn't it?
Oh, yeah... of course... yeah... it's a stuffed animal... you know... it's for kids... not for adults... I know that!
Joey... are you sure? I mean, I know how much you love him!
Rachel... let's be clear on this, ok? I do not love Hugsy. I like him a normal amount...
All right... Oh, Emma loves him!
Why wouldn't she? He's a wonderful person!
Hey Phoebe... how you doin'? You feelin' better?
Breaking up sucks! Oh, I really miss Mike!
Oh God, I tried everything to make myself feel better. I even tried writing a song about it... but... I can't think of anything that rhymes with AARRGGHH!! Hey Monica, I really need your help getting through this...
You're not gonna need my help?
Well no, when I get to the point where... you know... I'm ready to hear cruel mocking jokes about Mike... I'm gonna come to you.
Oh good, 'cause I've already thought of 3... 4! I've just thought of a fourth.
Ok. I mean I know I did the right thing. You know, Mike never wants to get married and I shouldn't be in a relationship that has no future... but... pretty soon I'm gonna miss him so much. I'm gonna wanna see him again and you have to stop me from doing that.
Unless... Maybe it's too crazy about this... Alright so... you know, there is no future... but that doesn't mean we still can't have fun. You know what? Forget what I said.
Really? If that's what you want...
That was a test and you just failed.
I believe I read that somewhere!
That only is not funny, it's physically impossible! Ok? Depending on the species I'd have to have a six foot long... It's not funny!!
I can't believe you put that on my alumni page!
Who cares? Nobody reads those things.
You'd better hope not because I just read what you put on your page today.
Oh oh oh! I RESPECTFULLY DISAGREE!!
Look at you, all sweet and innocent, sleeping like an angel... with Emma's chubby little hands wrapped around ya. It's okay, Emma, you stay asleep.
: Step away from the crib, I have a weapon!
It's okay, it's okay Rach, it's me. Put down the scrunchy.
Well, I heard Emma stirring, so I came to make sure she could reach Hugsy.
Oh, oh thanks. Alright well, now that I'm up I'm going to go to the bathroom.
There you go sweetie... This isn't over.
Alright, wait a second, why would Ross tell everyone in your class that you are as... "gay as the day is long"?
Because I told everyone he slept with dinosaurs.
But that's clearly a joke. This could easily be true.
Would you get that please? People have been calling to congratulate me all day.
Hello? No, he's not here. Yeah, this is his wife. Yeah, well, it came as quite a shock to me too. I guess I should have known. Yeah, I mean, he just kept making me watch Moulin Rouge.
Hang up, hang up. And that was a great movie! I'm so gonna get back at Ross... oh yeah, this will show him, here we go .
Posting that I died? That really isn't funny.
Well, how you died was funny.
Oh please, hit by a blimp?
It kills over one americans every year.
Unbelievable, my classmates are gonna think I'm dead, my professors, my... my parents are gonna get phone calls. You're messing with people's feelings here.
You wanna talk about people's feelings? You should have heard how hurt professor Stern was yesterday when I told him I wouldn't be able to go with him to Key West!
You've really crossed the line here, but that's okay, it's ok 'cause I'm on my way to buy some Photoshop software and a stack of gay porn. That's right! Your coming out is about to get real graphic.
God, I wish Mike were here.
Okay if Mike were here what would the two of you be doing?
What are you, animals? It's 4 o'clock in the afternoon!
I gotta call him. Just to talk to him, there's no harm in that.
Phoebe, that's how it starts. I don't need to eat the cake, I'll just smell the icing... why don't I just eat a little sliver, or, okay, just a slice or two. And next thing you know, you're 210 pounds and you get wedged in going down the tunnel slide. Phoebe, honey, I know this is hard. Look, if you talk to him, you're going to wanna see him. And if you see him, you're going to want to get back together with him. I know that's not what you want. Give me your phone.
Yes, it reminds me of a simpler time.
No, no! Give it to me!
Damn you Monica Geller hyphen Bing!
Hey, look who's here! It's Joey, and he brought home a friend.
Joey, Emma's right here! You promised not to bring girls home in the middle of the day anymore.
No, no, it's not a girl, it's... a brand new Hugsy!
Oh that's so great, now Emma has two Hugsy's.
No, no, Emma has one Hugsy, the new Hugsy, huh? The other Hugsy, I don't know, I guess I'll just take it back.
Oh you know what? When I was a little girl I had a little pink pony named Cotton. Oh I loved her so much, I took her everywhere, I would braid her tail...
Should I be concerned that a button fell off the old Hugsy and I can't find it?
Oh, no don't worry about that, I swallowed that years ago.
Oh, I don't think she likes the new Hugsy.
Yeah, I think she wants the old one back.
You know, it's a lot less surprising to do that after I've buzzed you into the building.
So Phoebe, why are there men's shoes by the door.
Oh, when you get over this breakup we need to go shopping.
Monica, I really appreciate you checking in on me, but I'm actually feeling a lot better. Yeah, I just kinda want to be alone right now.
What are the chances? 1 billion Chinese people and they send Mike!?
I'm sorry, I broke down... I wanted to see him.
Damnit Phoebe! How did you even call him?
There is a speakerphone on the base unit...
Look, if I wanna see Phoebe and she wants to see...
Oh! Sorry, I guess I was thrown off by the mention of my name!
Look, guys, you can't do this, it's just going to make getting over each other, that much harder.
Not if nothing happens. Why can't... why can't we just hang out as friends?
Sure! If you're just gonna hang out as friends, then maybe I'll join ya. You know, I'm your friend and Mike's friend .
Oh wow wow wow!! Make room for your friend!
Oh no no no no... this is dangerous territory. Keep it clean!
So how's the piano playing going?
Actually I've been playing a lot of love songs lately. I've missed you.
You know, on the way over here, I saw this drunk guy throw up. And then a pigeon ate it!
Hey, Ross, I just wanted to apologize... ..don't tell me you actually made those gay pictures of me?
Huh! So that's what I would look like if I worked out... and was being serviced by a policeman. You're not actually going to send these out are ya?
Eh..actually no, I don't need to because your little "Ross is dead" joke didn't work, ok, there were no responses. Nobody posted anything on the website, nobody called my parents, so the joke my friend is on you. Nobody called, nobody wrote anything, nobody cares that I'm dead. Oh my God! Nobody cares that I'm dead!?
No, come on, you know that's not true.
What are you talking about? You get sixty responses just for coming out of the closet! I didn't get one response! And I'm dead!
Well, the gay community is a lot more vocal than the dead community.
I can't believe this. Not even my geology lab partner? And I carried that guy!
Alright look, let's think about this, ok, do you really think that people are gonna stir up your family at this tragic time? That people are gonna post condolences on a website? This is not about people not caring that you're dead .This is about people not having a decent outlet for their grief.
You're right. There isn't a decent outlet.
Right, I mean, come on, I'm sure that if you had a funeral or a memorial service, tons of people would come.
Ross, what're you... what're you... what are you doing? You're having a memorial service for yourself!?
No! That would be stupid! You're having it for me!
Ross, don't press send, don't press se... !
oh, too late, too late! It's sent... oops sorry and so is the picture of you and the police man...
I'm trying to put Emma down for a nap, have you seen Hugsy?
Then what's that big lump under your covers?
Alright!! Fine! It's original Hugsy! No, now I know that Emma wants him but he's mine and I need him..
Joey, there is a reason that Emma loves that stupid penguin so much Oh don't cover its ears! It's because it reminds her of her uncle Joey!
Yeah! And she's comforted by him because she loves her uncle Joey so much.
Oh yeah! But you know what? If you need Hugsy, don't worry. Emma will totally understand. I won't... but whatever .
Ok, wait wait wait wait a minute wait a minute, I mean Rach, I mean if if... . If Hugsy means that much to Emma then... well she can have him.
Oooh... you're sweet, I knew uncle Joey would step up. Look Emma, look who's baaack!
Look forget it forget it... I can't do it.
Are you gonna... you're going to take Hugsy away from a little child?
How do you think I got him in the first place?
Alright you two, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Now I don't want anything going on while I'm gone. Here's a few things you can discuss: mucus, fungus and the idea of me and Ross doing it.
I've missed you so much! No, I'm not gonna ask you to get back together because I know we want different things, but just to be with you one more night.
I know, I want that too, but IS that going to make it too hard?
It can't be any harder than this... I mean, If I had known the last time I saw you would be the last time, I... I would have stopped to memorize your face, the way you move, everything about you. If I had known the last time I kissed you would have been the last time... I never would have stopped.
Didn't you hear that speech? If you don't kiss him then I will!
Oh, I missed you so much!
My friend Manny. I asked him to keep me away from you.
Hi, that's what I'm doing for Phoebe!
Well, you are not doing a very good job!
Hey, at least I knew where my guy was.
Oh yeah yeah, thank God you were here to oversee all the kissing!
I've heard the speech: "if he knew it was gonna be the last time he saw her... "
Hey, it was very moving! You're just heartless!
Oh we blew it. I blame myself.
It's been an hour and not one of my classmates has shown up! I tell you, when I actually die some people are gonna get seriously haunted!
Ok, ok! I'm gonna go hide! Oh, this is so exciting, my first mourner!
Hi, you're Chandler Bing, right? I'm Tom Gordon, I was in your class.
Oh yes, yes... let me... take your coat.
Thanks... uh... I'm so sorry about Ross, it's...
At least he died doing what he loved... watching blimps.
I don't remember him, but then again I touched so many lives.
So, did you know Ross well?
What? You... You... Oh! Can I ask you a personal question? Ho-how do you shave your beard so close?
Ok Tommy, that's enough mourning for you! Here we go, bye bye!!
I'm dead and no one cares?
Please, one ridiculous problem at a time!
It isn't ridiculous, look around! No one's here!
You gave them one day's notice, not everyone in our class checks the web site everyday and Monica... it's probably the way you stand!
Yes, you're right. Still somebody must have seen it... I mean, I went to that school for 4 years, I didn't have an impact on anyone?
Oh, that's not true. You had an impact on me, I mean, it's 15 years later and we're still best friends. Doesn't that count for something?
Yeah... Oh, great. More party boys for Chandler!
I'm sure it's somebody for you. Now, go hide.
Hi. I'm here for Ross Geller's memorial service.
Chandler, Chandler Bing. I'm not gay, I'm not gay at all.
Don't listen to him, he's in a really bad mood!
I can't believe that Ross is gone. It is just so sad.
I didn't know Ross and you were so close.
We weren't but we had one class together. He was such a great guy and he talked so passionately about science. I always remembered him.
I'm sure that would mean a lot to him. And if heaven has a door, I'm sure he's pressing his ear up against it and listening intently.
I thought so many times about calling him and asking him out. I guess I really missed my chance.
But you didn't! I'm still alive!! Kori, I know this is a big surprise for you. It's a long story but the things you just said really made my day! I mean, the fact that you are here means more to me than if this room were filled with people!
You sick freak, who does that? I can't believe I had a crush on you!
Did you hear that? Kori Weston had a crush on me!!
No Mum, I'm not dead. I know it's not something to kid about. It was just a practical joke between Chandler and me, but it's over, ok? Actually no, even if I had died, you would not be left childless. Monica?
Monica, hey, can I borrow the Porsche?
A place to entertain my lady friends.
And what else is it not?
Very good! What do you need it for anyway?
Oh well, the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they don't sell tickets here in New York, so...
Oh! So you're driving up to Connecticut?
Hey, maybe I'll drive you up there! I'd like to buy some tickets myself!
Yeah with Chandler not getting paid, we could really use 300 million dollars.
Yeah, because if I was at my old job we'd say 300 million? No thank you!
Hey will you get me tickets too?
Yeah me too. oh! I have an idea. Why don't we all pitch in 50 bucks, we'll pool our money together and then if we win, we'll split it! Everyone almost simultaneously except Ross: yeah thats a great idea!
You don't wanna win the lottery?
Uh...sure I do, and I also wanna be King of my own country and find out what happened to Amelia Earhart.
Seriously, Ross, you don't want in on this?
No! Do you know what your odds are of winning the lottery? I...I mean you have a better chance of being struck by lightning 42 times.
Yes but there's six of us so we'd only have to get struck by lightning 7 times.
Seriously you guys, I can't believe you're going to spend 250 dollars on the lottery, I mean that's such a bunch of boohaki.
Oh oh, we think Emma is about to start talking so we're trying to be careful about what words we use in front of her.
Yeah so get ready to hear alot of ehm...boohaki, goshdarnit and brotherpucker.
How do you know she's gonna start talking?
Well when I talk to her I almost feel like she understands what I'm saying.
God! Look at all these tickets! It's so exciting! You know I haven't won anything since the sixth grade.
Oh! You assume because I was heavy that's the only way I could win something?
No, I saw a picture of you covered in blueberries.
They're towing your car, they're towing your car!!
I'm parked in a garage on Morton!
They're towing a car. And I am seeing...spots.
Oh my god Ross! You don't have Emma! And Rachel you don't have Emma! Where's Emma? Who has Emma!?
Joey relax! My mother picked her up two hours ago. You were there!
Yes and you talked to her...
So, did you come by to watch us win the big bucks?
Yeah, uh... and then I figured after you win, we could all go out to the balcony and see a night rainbow with gremlins dancing on top of it!
Don't touch the phone! I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it!!
Hello? Hey Charlie, what do you know?
Chandler is supposed to find out if he's getting an assistent job at his ad agency. But out of the 15 interns, they are only hiring three.
Yeah if only it were a sure thing like your 24 state lottery!
Damnit. Alright call me when you know more.
One of the slots got filled.
Sense the tone! No that kid Nate got it.
Oh! I hate that guy! I mean come on kid! Pull up your pants!
Well, there's two spots left right?
Yeah...I mean I want this so much! I mean, I wanna get one, I want my friend Charlie to get one...Except I don't care about Charlie.
Hey you guys! Ok, you're not going to believe this! I just saw my psychic and she said I was definitely gonna win the lottery tonight!
Hey that reminds me, I thought we could use some extra luck so I brought a wishbone home from work.
A psychic AND a wishbone? Guys! Give someone else a chance!
Alright, who wants to do it?
Oh can I? Vegetarians never get to do the wishbone. It's really not fair either! You know, just because we don't eat the meat doesn't mean we don't like to play with the carcasses!
Oh no, I'm good, I don't wanna get that turkey smell all over my hands.
I'll do it!! It'll get the casserole stink off of mine.
Well, it doesn't really matter ... you're both wishing for the same thing, right?
I can't tell you what I'm wishing for! Else...you know...won't come true!
Right! .. but we "know" what you're wishing for!
I understand, but you're wishing for what we think you're wishing for, aren't you?
I'm not really comfortable with these questions!
You know what, I'm sure your wish is gonna come true, but, you guys - just in case, maybe a genie will come out if we rub this lamp! Ah!! That thing gets hot!!
You know, Ross, just keep making your jokes. How are you gonna feel if we actually do win?
Oh, I know, I know, the odds are against us, but somebody has to win, and it could be us! And then how you gonna feel? You know, we're gonna be all like "oh everybody, let's take our helicopters up to the cape" and you're gonna be all like "oh, I can't guys, I'll meet you guys up there, I gotta gas up the Hyundai"
Ok, I've heard myself on tape and I sound nothing like that.
I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm".
Why would I eat my own arm?
Well you wouldn't, but we own the paper, we can print whatever we want.
You know what, Ross? I'm gonna throw in 50 bucks for you.
Because I know that you think the lottery is "boohaki" but we're all here and gonna watch the numbers and have fun. And you're my brother, and I want you to be a part of this.
You don't have to do that, I'll pay for myself. But just the fact that you want me to have fun with you guys - that's so sweet! Come here.
Ok, so now that you're in, what are you gonna do if we win?
I don't know, probably just invest it.
Seriously, that's your fantasy? To invest it?
Oh, I'm sorry, did I say "invest it"? I meant "be cool and piss it all away"
Ooh, ooh, I know! We should pool all own money and buy the Knicks!
I don't really care about the Knicks.
Oh, you will when I pick you as starting forward.
You would do that? I never get picked!
You know, I'm not sure a sports team is the way to go.
You're not gonna let me buy the Knicks?? I can't believe you're taking this away from me!
You're right, it has been you dream for over 15 seconds.
Uh, how long until they announce the numbers, Mommy?
I'll take this one too Uh ... Mommy?
Oh, I've gotten into the habit of calling Rachel "Mommy" when we're around Emma. Which I now realize we are not ...
I'm hoping that if she hears it enough it will be her first word.
Although if we're gonna do that, we should probably call me "Daddy" too.
I ... I was just talking about Rachel.
Oooh, is daddy getting angry? Is daddy gonna spank me?
Well that depends ... have you been a baaad gi .. no I can't.
Hello? Hello? Oh, hey Charlie. Did anybody else hear? ... What? Susan got it?? How? Oh man, I would have slept with him!! .. Alright, bye.
Dude, I'm sorry. But hey, there's one spot left, right?
Well no, Charlie's gonna get that.
Hey, don't say that! You got just as good a chance as anybody else of getting that job!
Ooh, you guys, it starts in like 20 minutes.
Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the tickets as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does anybody have any ideas how to organize this? Ok, how about this: we divide them into 6 groups of 40, and the remaining 10 can be read by whoever finishes their pile first.
I'm sorry, idea time is over.
Ok, well, are all the tickets in the bowl?
What about the ones you have on the nightstand?
There are no tickets on the nightstand!
Yes there are, I just saw them a few minutes ago.
Un, no you didn't! You must be mistaken!
Honey, there are like 20 tickets on the nightstand!
Well, well, well, look what mommy found!!
Ok, fine!! I bought 20 extra tickets for me and Chandler.
Uh! The psychic also said that I would be betrayed.
I can't believe this, I thought we were all in this together!
Hey, you just got in 5 minutes ago!
3 minutes ago!!! I don't know why that's important ...
I was with you the whole time we were in Connecticut, when did you even get those?
When you were reading the dirty magazines without taking off the plastic!
Ok, well Monica, suppose one of your "special" tickets win? How are you gonna feel when you win the lottery and you lose all your friends?
Please ... if I win the lottery, you guys are not gonna leave me. Someone gave me a basket of mini-muffins last week and I couldn't get rid of you for 3 days!
Chandler, would you just tell her what she did was wrong?
She's right, you shouldn't have bought tickets just for us ...
Let me finish ... however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have principles, so screw you, the tickets are ours!!
All right, believe me.If you win the lottery, it's the last you're gonna hear from us!
Fine! Don't be my friends! I'll buy new friends! Yeah, and then I'll pay for their plastic surgery so they'd look just like you!
OH! Alright, you know what? That's it! I want my share of the tickets !
Yeah, I want my tickets too ! And I'm buying the Knicks! And Steffi Graff, ah ah!
Than I want mine, too ! And if I win I'm gonna put it all into a very low-yield bond.
Oh, you guys! We've got to keep all the tickets together.
No, no! We should divide them up and I should get extra because we used my card to buy them!
Hey, if anybody gets extra tickets, it should be me! This all thing was my idea!
Oh, yeah! Thanks for inventing the lottery!
Ok, that's it! Just give'em to me! I'll split them up!
OOOOOHHHHH! Fine, I can't take it anymore! I'm putting an end to this!
Oh, if she jumps, I get her tickets.
If we are not doing it together, we're not doing it at all! So, say goodbye to your tickets! .
Can I come a little bit closer, valuable things are getting squished...
No, what's more important, your friends or money?
Hey Monica, what about your extra tickets?
They're all in there! Even these five that I hid in my bra ...
Ok, good! You guys were so scared! There was no way I was gonna dump this... Oh God, no! I think I broke your bowl.
What a beautiful night to be running around the street, looking for tickets. And the wind sure made it fun.
Phoebe, we lost half of them.
So, what? Monica, we have the winning ticket! My psychic said I was gonna win, remember?
Weird.. your psychic didn't mention anything about the scary pigeon...
As a matter of fact she said that's how I am going to die. So, excuse me for being a little skittish.
Hey, there's two messages. These could be from work!
"Hello. Th-this is the pigeon from the balcony calling to apologise" "I sh.. I shouldn't have knocked the tickets out of the pretty lady's hand. It-it was all my fault. Not hers. Bye. Coo."
Well, I bet that was very hard for him to do.
"Listen, oh... it turns I got the last spot. I'm really sorry man, it was a lot of fun working with you. Give me a call if you want."
Oh God, I am so sorry honey...
Oh, it is so unfair. It's like that time they promoted Sandra over me at work.
Oh, is she related to Ralph Lauren?
No, she was just much better at job than me!
Guys, the drawing is about to start!
You know what? We should call my mum's house and say goodnight to Emma before she goes down.
Oh yeah, it's a good idea!
Honey, you've been really strong about this, I know how badly you wanted that job.
Yeah, you know, I really thought I deserved it. But... let's go win the lottery... I mean, we still have 130 chances to win, right?
Hi mum, put her back on!
Rach, come on! They are announcing the numbers! My God, I can already feel myself changing. TV: "Here we are, the official Powerball numbers! We have 53"
We are on a roll, people!!
Mum, please!I know you love your new lips, but I can barely understand you! Would you, please, just let me say goodnight to my daughter? TV: "And number 29! Here we go! The Powerball is 7"
Check your numbers! Make me rich!
Guys, you're not gonna believe this! I was just saying goodnight to Emma and she said her first words!!
Oh yeah, no no no...that's great!
Oh, Rach...oh..."gleba" is not a word.
Oh, but of course it is!
I don't know all the words.
I'm just, I'm just glad I didn't miss my daughter's first words .
Yes you did, gleba is a word!
Ok, use it in a sentence.
Okay, okay, okay, fine, I'm gonna look it up .
Oh, oh, ok, great. You know what, while you're at it she said another word the other day, why don't you, why don't you look up: pbbqqt....
Alright, okay, okay, gleba, gleba... Gleba! Ha! Here it is: the fleshy, spore-bearing inner mass of a certain fungi.
Just double checking ...no, no, no... No!
Hello? Hold on. It's your boss.
Ah, the "I'm sorry I rejected you" phone call. I'm not used to getting it from guys. Hey, Steve.
Chandler, hi! I'm sure you've heard we filled the three positions. We just felt that with your maturity and experience, you wouldn't be happy being someone's assistant.
Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for that stuff! And I'm not too mature... farts, boobies, butt cracks!
Chandler, you were the strongest person in the program. We're offering you the position of junior copywriter.
Me, that guy who just said butt cracks?
Yes, that's right. We're excited about the level of sophistication you'll be bringing to the job.
Ok well, thanks, you won't regret it. I'll see you tomorrow .
What? Oh, yeah, I'm gonna be a junior copywriter.
Oh sweetie, I'm so proud of you!
Does that mean I get the good loving tonight?
You bet! No TV or anything!
Hey, that is so great about the job.
And I like to think I had a little something to do with it.
Well, before, with the wishbone... I didn't wish we would win the lottery, I wished you'd get the job.
Oh yeah? Listen, don't tell Monica, she'll rip your heart right out.
You know what? There is a little part of me that really thought we were gonna win.
Me too. So much for my dinosaur/Amelia Earhart theme park.
You guys, what was the Powerball number again?
Phoebe, you don't have any of the first five numbers.
I know that, but look, we've got the Powerball number, we've won 3 dollars!
Wow, you'd think we should get that over 20 years or go for the big payout.
I don't care, I've never won anything before, I can't believe this!
So Pheebs, what are you going to do with your $3?
It's not all mine. We all get 50 cents.
You know what? You can have mine.
I guess if everybody else is... Closing credits.
Hey guys, so I just called the Powerball hotline, can you believe it? Nobody won.
Maybe nobody won the jackpot, but there was this guy in here earlier, and he found the ticket on the street, right outside, and won $10,000 .
Coo, again. Don't blame the pretty lady. It was not her fault. It was me, the pigeon, coo! Seriously, stop staring at her.
God, you're beautiful...why are we fighting this?You know you want it to happen as much as I do. Joey: I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you.
I don't wanna stand in the way of true love or anything, but I think a cantaloupe might hurt less.
Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good!
Woow!I haven't seen you this worked up since you did that dog food commercial and you thought you were gonna be with a real talking dog!
Yeah, that was a disappointment... Oh, hey!D'you want to come down to the set and tell me if I'm doing ok?
Yeah!Hey, you just have to promise not to get yourself thrown out again.
Hey, that was an honest mistake!
Right!"Oh my God, is this the men's room? Oh, I feel so foolish, have you always known you wanted to be an actor?"
Yeah, that was an awesome day! Opening credits.
So, do you guys wanna come and eat dinner at the restaurant sometime in the next few weeks?
Well you can't! We're booked solid for the next month!
Well, I can't give you a massage, because my licence has been revoked again!
Well, it was an accident...You know, it's a lot of oil and sometimes the hand just slips! Chandler: Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags!
Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years!
What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont !
Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic!
So, what do you say? Can you get out of work?
Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant!
Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am.
Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? Oh, can't you make an exception?"
Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant!
And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing!
"Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" "Oh, thank you very much!" Yeah, I'm going to Vermont...
Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance.
Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge!
Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn...
No, not if their room has two beds!
I guess...It still seems a little... moonlight boat ride!!
Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity?
I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes!
Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so gorgeous!
Oh, in my head he's done some pretty "not-gay-stuff"!
Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff!
Joey, Joey! We're ready for you!
Ok, not that you need it but good...GOD!Is that Chase Lassiter?He's straight, right?
Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this!
Oh, I'm sorry, you're right.I'm sorry, good luck!
On a bell please! Quietly.. and ACTION! Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here?
Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life.
What do you know about love?
I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge.
Oh, what about this one. Rachel: OH!
Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question...
Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been?
Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you.
Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop.
NO! Or, cut!You know, that's your call!
Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb.
Thank you! You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint.
Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer!
And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Ole!
Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain!
Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home".
You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but...
This is kind of a classy place.
: It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! Classy, uh?
Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation.
Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from?
I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here.
Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody.
I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer.
Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please?
Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation?
I don't know what to say.
She doesn't know what to say!
Just give us the cheapest room you have.
Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars.
Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves.
Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? We'll take it.
What!? They are totally ripping us off!
Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six!
Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there!
C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time!
I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple?
Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing!
Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me!
God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow!
Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me?
Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress.
Oh, all right, I can ask Monica.
Oh screw her, that part is mine!
Right... ok, so just from the top of the page, right here.
Okay. . Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here.
I can't believe you married him.
But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon!
So what about us? Everything we feel for each other.
It's over! You have to accept that.
How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now.
Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that!
Ehhh, aw! . Well, that's new!
Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons. Ross: What did you get?
Nice, put it with the others.
And I also got... two more apples.
We are four short of a bush-o . God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!
I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant.
Dude, none of this is cool.
No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt I wish I'd thought this through.
I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs ...oh, you already got that.
Not my first time in a hotel, my friend.
No, no, no, you can't take the remote control!
Yes, but the batteries... Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much!
Let's celebrate with some maple candy!
At least tell me where you hid it.
Can I ask you a question?
Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams?
Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head.
Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey.
Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him?
Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense.
What do you think brought than on?
I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday.
Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! Oh right, real life more important.
So do you think that my dream means anything?
I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake.
Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream...
Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.
You took the same class twice.
Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant uh, huh wait! Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man.
Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place.
Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault.
Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore.
Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back . Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work...
My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant?
I didn't say your songs were not good enough.
Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food?
Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but I can't see it, I can't see it"!
Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in.
Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica.
Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs.
Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic?
You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy.
What are people having, the garlic Martini?
Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay.
Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax.
Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. Ross: Oh my god.
There's something new in the bowl.
Look, we have enough, just walk away.
No, but I want...I want the pinecones!
Ok, go quick! Ross: Thank you for a delightful stay. Ross: Oh, my maple candy!
You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself.
Ok, you have to stop playing now.
Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you!
Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on!
Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. .. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside?
Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? Ha!
Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? .
Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky?
Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone?
Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? .
Excuse us! Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now?
Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great!
ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?
Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p... Phoebe: Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me?
Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head?
Oh man! I thought I got it all!
I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?
And I couldn't find this little plastic thing that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!
What...how is it going with Drake?
Oh...I don't think it's going very well...
What...that scene I saw was so good!
Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow...
Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment?
A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia.
Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before?
Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance?
What the hell are you talking about??
Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene.
Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me.
Joey, you never..you never talked about that before...
Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. Joey: Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! Closing credits.
I got you something from Vermont!
Besides tampons and salt? Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. That's weird...it's empty! Ross: Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? do you...do you guys hear a buzzing?
Hey, you guys, what are you doing tomorrow night?
Well, let me see... I-I believe I'm... yes, falling asleep in front of the TV.
Look, my agent hooked me up with six tickets to a great play.
I could fall asleep at a play.
It's a one-woman play called "Why don't you like me: a bitter woman's journey through life".
Yeah, it does sound interesting, I mean, to listen to a woman complain for two hours, I don't think it gets bett...
I know, I know, we can drive, we can vote, we can work, what more do these broads want?
You guys are gonna have a great time, I promise!
What? How come that you don't have to go!
I wish I could but I just found out that I have to be at work really early the next day, so I can't go, but, you know, take the extra ticket and invite whoever you want.
Uh, let's see, who do I hate?
Ooh... oooh... oh, ah... Can I ask you a question?
Do you think it's possible for two friends to fool around and... and not have it be a big deal?
No, I don't think it ever works. Why?
Who do you wanna fool around with?
Why? Seriously I did not understand a word that you said.
You wanna fool around with Joey?
Yeah! You know, ever since I had that dream about him, and can't get it out of my head! And what's the big deal, people do it all the time!
Who? Who do you know that are friends that just fool around?
Ok, off the top of my head... Don and Janet.
I don't know, what were the names I just said?
Rachel, things can get incredibly complicated.
All right, all right, you're right, I won't do anything with Joey, I just thought that we Ok so that would be two cups of tarragon, one pound of baking soda and one red onion?
What the hell are you cooking!
Hey, you guys won't believe what I have to do for work today.
Yes, but, Ross you chose a career of talking about dinosaurs.
There're these two professors who are joining my department and I have to meet them here and show them around campus.
It's I just know they're gonna be a couple of windbags wearing tweed jackets with suede elbow patches.
These aren't suede. Charlie: Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller?
Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice.
It's a... It's good to meet you! Thank you so much for taking the time out to show me around.
Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out.
No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now.
And, by the way, I really enjoyed your paper on the connection between geographic isolation and rapid mutagenesis.
Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute.
Twenty bucks says they're married within the month.
We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover.
Oh, ah, isn't there another professor that is supposed to come with us?
I'm pretty sure, professor Spafford from Cornell?
Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". An option that many of my students use. Shall we?
You don't think we should wait for him?
You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok?
Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye.
Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight.
Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first.
"Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight"
You are having a party tonight??
Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people.
And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that?
I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!!
Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us??
And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant?
OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory?
I can't believe you guys went for that one!
Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties?
You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people!
Well, then so you just invite me...!
Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one!
Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please...
Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8.
OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! And it's out of my system!
And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish.
So, where did you get your undergraduate degree?
And that's not all I'm allergic to.
I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts...
Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting".
If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom.
I've lost the will to live.
Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you!
Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll...
Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!!
Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica.
Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department.
Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas...
Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me.
Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out!
So, did you two have fun?
Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny...
And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a HOTTY!! HI!
Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play.
I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!!
Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry.
I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue.
Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease!
Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec?
Ok, then, why are you... all dressed up??
When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better!
You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey!
Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is!
Ok! Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you!
Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof!
And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!!
I thought you came to say you were sick.
Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us?
Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory!
No, I arranged that... Joey: Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun.
We know about your party Joey.
The game's over! Take off your robe!
Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it Thanks for coming.
Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something...
Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered.
Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself.
Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway?
Where the hell is everybody? Bitter lady: Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period.
Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love".
Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number.
Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married!
It was nice to meet you Rachel.
Look at you with all the guys!
I guess you have forgotten all about Joey?
Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler!
Please... Chandler is the love of my life... ... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! Ross: So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh?
Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone.
Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer?
Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with.
... And you called him Alby!? I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby...
Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man.
Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10!
Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues...
Oh! like what?! Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood".
Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him.
Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize?
Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart.
Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize?
... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy.
Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him?
No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant.
Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine?
How is it going with Charlie?
Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out.
She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth.
Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God!
Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... "Can we walk"? Oh, you... you like that?
Come on! I think this is funny!
Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh?
Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. How could he leave me?!?!
I... I don't know... you seem lovely.
Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. Dirk, this is my good friend Ross.
Hey! So what show are you on?
Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. Joey: It's a science.
Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or...
Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys.
Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs.
I'd lead with that. Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra .
Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! Joey: What have you got there?
Just some boys gave me their phone numbers.
Ah, let me see! Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty?
Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug . This guy's Canadian . And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. Joey: Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass...
Why, why, what's wrong with these guys?
Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best.
That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight.
Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke!
Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it!
Oh, Very funny... Joey. Chandler: So, how did you enjoy the play?
Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry.
Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater.
Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained not to listen! But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted.
Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period!
So I got it when I was 13...
Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper?
Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know, slum it with some average Joe Phd.
Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited.
You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny...
Ok well give her a chance to see all of that!
Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her.
Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch!
Stop going through my stuff ! Rachel: Hey!
I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey.
No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea.
Please, what about you and Chandler?
That's different! I was drunk and stupid!
What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them?
I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey!
Alright . I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision.
No. Ross: Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? Ross: I'm smarter than him!
Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler.
Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you.
Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period.
Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death .
It's so weird, how did Joey end up kissing Charlie last night? I thought you'd end up kissing Charlie.
Hey, I thought I'd end up kissing Charlie too ok? But SURPRISE!
I missed most of the party Charlie's a girl, right?
Yes, she is this new professor of my department that I did not kiss.
I don't know why Joey had to kiss her! I mean, of all the girls at the party, GOD!
Why do you care so much?
Yes Rachel, why do you care so much?
Be-cause Ross is the father of my child! You know... and I... want him to hook up with lots of women! I just... All I'm saying is... I don't think that Joey and Charlie have anything in common.
Oh, I don't know, they seem to have a shared interest in each other's tonsils...
Wow, Joey and a professor! Can you imagine if they had kids and if the kids got her intelligence and Joey's raw sexual magnetism... Oh, those nerds will get laaaaaid!
All right, so... Ross, you're ok with all this? I mean...
Yeah, it's no big deal. I mean, I just met her and I'm fine with it...
Oh, God. I forgot how hot she was!
I'm gonna get some more coffee.
Oh, you know what? I'll come with you!
Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious . That's not how she used it...?
I feel like I owe you an explanation. I don't ordinarily go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... well, I'm kind of embarrassed. I really hope you don't think less of me.
Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean, you saw someone you liked and you kissed them. I mean, those people who like someone and don't kiss them... those-those people are stupid, I hate those people.
You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean, Joey is so different from the guys I usually date. I mean, they're all professors, and intellectuals, and paleontologists mostly, you know, very cerebral...
Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious. No? Am I getting close? Opening credits.
Hey you guys! Look what I just got.
Oh, OH! Wow, I love those! Where did you get them?
I bought them off Ebay! They used to belong to the late Shania Twain.
Phoebe, Shania Twain is still alive!
Oh, it's a gift certificate to this new SPA in SOHO.
Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate massage chains.
Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things that she disapproves of! I can't eat veal, I can't wear fur, I can't go hunting...
Well, I would like to have the option!!
No, you can't go there! You know how I feel about these "big massage places"! They're putting people like me out of business!
And she wants to go hunting, too!!
Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing away a hundred bucks!
Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's about corporate greed destroying our hearts and leaving us... the hollow shells.
I don't care about any of that!!
Well, do you care about friendship?
I feel really strongly about this, Rachel. Please, don't use this gift certificate. I'm asking you as a friend.
Oh, not as a friend, Phoebe!! Fine, I won't use it!
Hey honey! I missed you today!
Yeah. What d'you wanna do tonight?
Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience! Besides, tomorrow we're doing those fertility tests and until then you need to keep your tadpoles in the tank.
We really need to take those tests?
Honey, we've been trying to have a baby for over a year. I think it's a good idea to find out if everything's ok. Just a few routine tests.
But I don't wanna do it in a cup!
It's weird! In a doctor's office?
It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell?
I cannot believe Ross told you that! And in my defense, it was a Wendy's!
Look, I don't wanna do this test either, but I really do think it's a good idea!
Who says that wine has to cost more than milk!
Come on in, how are ya?
Can I offer you a drink?
Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword for a friend's book...
Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to open a door and go ohhhh!
So I am just so excited to be here. And I can't wait to start exploring the city!
Hey, if you need a tour guide...
Oh, you mean it? That would be so fun!
Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first?
Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher Hall.
And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display at the public library.
And first, I have to see the MET!
Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna see the Yankees.
No, no, no, not the Mets, the MET, singular!
Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa SPA. How may I help you?
Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and here is my gift certificate.
Ok well, I'll call you as soon as your massage therapist is ready.
Have a seat through the glass doors.
Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room.
Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone who can fill in for me?
But that woman can't know I work here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this massage chains are.
'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine!
Well, I think this is a great place to work!
I need to talk to you about Charlie.
Oh, do you, do you really?
Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem.
Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious" means, just don't use it!
No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her body is soo...
Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid!
You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid.
Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out!
You know, I really don't want to get involved in you guy's relationship.
Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her.
Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET!
Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Oh, that's what she meant! You know, if they're gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum, and avoid all the confusion!
Yeah, most of it it's a place packed with confused angry baseball fans!
Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET.
Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture, you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that she'd love.
Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date!
But I'm not! . You know what if you're in the mood for Thai food...
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok?
You got to tell me exactly what to do there.
Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make the right.
I have a weird feeling about this place. How do I know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet.
Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody is gonna wanna watch that.
Mr. Bing? Here you are! You'll go into that room and deposit your specimen into the container.
Deposit my specimen? You know, usually I have to call a 900 number for that kind of talk. Thanks, got it.
Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going to be ok?
I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even knows you!
Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this!
Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home!
Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time because apparently we...
No no no... I mean, why? why is she here??
Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz they have to do it in a cup! Oh! They gave you the kiddy size .
This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!
I'd love to stay, but I have eh... got a hot date...
Please... go! Just let me know if you need a hand!
I think it just fell off.
Hello "ja", it's time for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole.
Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person.
It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea...
No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden?
Damn! I wish I knew if that was right!
Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors as his elusive subject was light itself.
Now, do you have any idea what you just said?
No, no, my mouth says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks!
Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you.
Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time for this.
Ok, but you know what? I gotta say, I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly!
Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days" I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy".
No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear".
Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance?
Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! .
Nah ah! Nah ah! No no no! No ad-libbing and dude, you can't touch the paintings.
My specimen is in the room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there. Really helped speed the process along! Janice! You're not... gone?
Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit?
Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over!
That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes next, I mean aren't you worried about the results?
I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet... I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok.
Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is.
Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there is a reason why we can't have a baby?
Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children. I am sure it's gonna be just fine.
What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you can't do it at a doctor's office?
"Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking!
Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have a friend who is a masseuse.
Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though...
Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is?
I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy fingers from playing crummy guitar...
Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're such a high maintenance tight ass!
For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden!
How could you not tell me you worked here?
I don't have to tell you everything!
Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting a free massage!
Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here?
Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know... you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh! paying taxes!
Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles and I so admire that! I don't have any!
You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time I took my life back!
Okay If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any of that. I love you.
Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die!
Respectfully, professor R. Geller. , closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the sofa) Hey!
Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh?
Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to say, and some of it didn't even make any sense.
Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere around.
Wait a minute... when you guys walked into the Met, did you go to the right?
No, we went to the left.
Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like you guys are having a great time together.
Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really know me that well; it would be weird.
What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on.
Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common with. You know what I mean?
Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else.
And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You know, that's the kind of guy Joey is.
He is very sweet. Plus he's hot!
That was going to be my next argument.
Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me up.
Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna be, but... I made it work.
It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now.
Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. No, she's not here but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? Oh. Well, so what does that mean? Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks.
With good news? Of course it is not good news, you just said "Doctor Connelly just called". If it was good news you would have said "Doctor Connelly just called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem with me or with you?
Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable environment.
It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. It means...
It means that we can keep trying, but there's a good chance this may never happen for us.
Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out.
Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is in room No. 1.
Rachel Green? Son of a bitch, she came back?
Are you ready for your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy.
Oh, lucky me! Coffee and a live sex show!
Oh... Oh, I'm sorry! I'm not... I was just-I was just reading to Emma.
Yeah, yeah... It's... "climax your way to better skin".
So, I have to go shopping today, which is my least favourite thing, I'm soo bad at picking out clothes!
So you need someone who knows fashion, to tell you what looks good.
Not me, not me, not me, not me, not me!
Maybe you could take Charlie shopping.
I'm sure you have better things to do.
Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, you don't wear white after labour day and that you always, always, always have to put on underwear when you're trying on clothes.
If you have the time, I'd really appreciate the help.
Ok, you're gonna come back with some very classy clothes... ... and some slutty lingerie, SLUTTY!
Ok, great! All right, bye! Pain in the ass!! That's off, right?
Oh... Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight, he's gonna be there. And she was like "Oh, don't worry! I asked him. He's totally ok with seeing you!". So now I have to go so he'll think that I'm totally ok with seeing him!
Which you're not, because you've totally hung up on him!
And you're gonna want him to eat his heart out so you're gonna have to look fabulous!
I didn't even think about that! Aaargh, sexual politics!!
Hey Pheebs, I'm-I'm taking Charlie shopping, why don't you come and I'll help you find something.
Oh, ain't that nice? The three of you trying on slutty lingerie together.
That's not what we're gonna do!
Why would you ruin it, who was that hurtin'?
Wow! Fortunately she has a very pretty face!
Oh, I so can't believe this! My uterus is an inhospitable environment? I was trying so hard to be a good hostess!
Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they sure seem to be in a hurry to get places!!
I'm sorry there wasn't better news from your test last week but I wanted to talk to you about your options.
Above all, even though your chances of conceiving through natural means aren't great, you never know! So, keep having sex on a regular basis.
Don't worry, after a while he'll tune it out.
Ok, given your situation, the options with the greatest chances for success would be surrogacy, or insemination using a sperm donor.
And, of course, if you feel that neither of those is right for you, you can always adopt.
Is that a hint? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child! Wow, talking about an inhospitable environment!
Hi! Ok, you're ready to go pick up Phoebe and go shopping?
Not gonna find any clothes in there!
Guess who's up for keynote speaker at the National Paleontology Conference?
Yeah, right! What was last time he met a submission deadline for an abstract Well, why are you laughing?
Just... seeing what it'd be like to be a paleontologist... it's fun, yeah!
So you're up for keynote speaker! Who's making the decisions?
Professor Sherman, yeah. I've a meeting with him today.
He's a pretty tough guy to impress.
Yeah, well... I think I know how to dazzle him.
Oh... you're not gonna do a magic trick, are ya?
Wait a minute, you guys. Oh, I wanna ask you something. I-I I may get to speak at this paleontology convention and if I do, I'd love for you guys to come and hear me.
I think I can safely say that we all have family issues, work stuff and/or are sick.
All right, so. How did it go at the fertility clinic?
Not as much fun as last time. Apparently you only get porn if you're giving a sperm sample.
So-so what did the doctor say?
Well... there's surrogacy, but Monica has dreamt her whole life of carrying a child, she has felt that watching a surrogate would be... too hard for her.
So, I don't have to learn what that means?
Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so... we're talking about sperm donors.
Enough said, I'm there for you man. Where is she, upstairs?
How do you feel about all this?
I wish there was an easier way for us to have a child but I don't think there is one.
Come on Ross, be a good guy. Step up and do it!
What? NO! I am not going to give them Ben!
The data we are receiving from MRI scans and DNA testing of these fossils are - are staggering.
I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousand years or so then you can - you can just throw most of our assumptions, you know, right in the trash. So-so what I am saying is - is is that is that the repercussions could be huge! I mean, not just in palaeontology, but if-if you think about it, in evolutionary biology, uh, genetics, geology, uh, I mean, truly the mind boggles!
Oh, that's not what you want...
Oh, I'll take some of that.
No, I know, this way when I go to the party later Mike will know I am over him cause I'm gonna smell like another guy. Yeah.
Ok. Oh good, I'm dating a Russian cab driver. . Seriously does anyone buy this? I smell like beets!
So, you know what, I really like those jackets with the shoulder pads on them. Where do you think those would be?
On Melanie Griffith in "Working girl". I think what you want is over here.
See, I told you I needed someone! Oh, you know, by the way, as a "thank you", I would really love to take you out.
Yeah! Actually Joey and I are going to the movies tonight, wanna come?
Oh, I can't. Because I-I've seen them.
Yeah! I'm a big fan! Of the movies, you know. Motion pictures. The Talkies!
Hey Rach, will you come with me to a dressing room?
Wha, you know, maybe we can do something else!
You know that depends on what it is! I've done a lot of stuff.
So what were you doing out there, do you not like Charlie?
She's ok, I just don't get a really good vibe from her!
I don't know, you know, just the way she waltzed in here all smart, and tall! You know, and just swept Joey off his feet... I mean, nobody else has a chance!
Anybody! You, me, you know, Monica's mom...
Shhhhh! Phoebe! All right, look. I have a little thing for him.
It's just physical and I have it totally under control! Ok? It's just, when I see them together, sometimes I just get a little jealous!
Uh, wow! Isn't it ironic that he liked you and now you like him?
Oh well, as long as it is under control, you know, you can't do anything about it, he's already dating her, and she is a nice person, that wouldn't be right.
I know, I know, so it is just not a big deal.
So can we keep this between us?
Ok, great, because I gotta get out of here, the smell of beets is killing me!
Any chance Charlie has a deaf twin?
Hey! Look I brought a friend for dinner, this is Zack, from work!
Oh, of course, it's so nice to see you again, Zack!
You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both polite! Go to have a seat Zack, and I'll get you a beer.
So, how would you like to have a baby that's half yours and half his!
Well, we're talking about sperm donors and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's intelligent, he's healthy, he's athletic, I mean, he is "spermtastic"!
Chandler, this is crazy! What did you even say to him! "Come up, meet my wife! Give us your sperm"!
No, I invited him to dinner so you could get a chance to get to know him! I mean, if we go through a sperm bank you never meet the guy, get to check him out.
I'm telling you, he's great! I mean, even if my sperm worked fine, I'd think he'd be the way to go!
I'm not going to be a part of this! You can't just bring some random guy at home and expect him to be our sperm donor!
Thanks! Do you have a coaster? I don't wanna make a ring.
Oh, God, do you think she heard? It would be so bad if she heard!
Well, maybe she didn't hear! Ok I'm gonna go into that dressing room, you stay in here and I'll talk and see if you can hear me.
Oh, thank God I can't hear a word that you're saying!
Well, get back in there and talk!
I'm Rachel. It's so annoying when I put Emma on the phone to talk with my friends.
Well, some things are just hard to say to your face.
Ok well, I heard that! Which means that she heard it too!
Oh! What are we gonna do?
And it is annoying when parents put their baby on the phone...
Joey! Hey, I need to talk to Charlie. Is she there?
No. no... eh... she went shopping with Rachel. Why? What's up?
I'm meeting with professor Sherman about my being the keynote speaker...
It could be better! He, uhm... he fell asleep!
What!? But I already bought my ticket to Bermuda!
Fine, I'll rent a car and drive...! Ross, you have to get that job!
What am I supposed to do? He's out cold! In fact he was just talking in his sleep before and evidently he wants someone named Fran to spank him harder.
I can't! If he realizes that I'm the one that put him to sleep, I won't get the job!
Uh! That's a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute, this happened to me before! Yeah, I was auditioning for a play and the producer fell asleep and... no wait a minute... it was me who fell asleep... Yeah I mean hey, Shakespeare, how about a chase scene once in a while!?
Oh! I'm gonna go wash up first. Thanks!
So what do you think? I want that guys genes for my kid! Those eyes, those cheeckbones!
Ok, there's enthusiastic and there's just plain gay!!
I think he is fine! It's just that we don't know anything real about him... we should get more information.
You guys have such a great place here.
Oh! Thanks, I'm crazy about our place. Hey! speaking of crazy... do you have a history of mental illness in the family?
Uhm... no. Although I did have an uncle who voted for Dukakis.
That's really not the kind of thing we are looking for Zack.
Okaaay... so eh... so tell me, how did you guys meet.
Oh, friends first, drunk in London, you know the story. I've got a better question for you: Do you or any of your blood relatives have diabetes?
You guys don't have people for dinner a lot, huh?
Ok. I heard a joke today. It's pretty funny...
You know what's not funny? Male Pattern Baldness.
Ok listen, you guys have shown a lot of interest in me tonight and I'm flattered and... and quite frankly a little frightened. Can we just talk about something else?
I noticed you were enjoying that Ravioli with a beautiful set of teeth. Did you have braces as a child?
Alright! Let's just do it. Let's just go over there and see if she heard.
Ok. Wha...? where? Where are you going?
Oh! I'm sorry Rachel, I don't have time for your childish games, ok? I still have to go find something incredible to wear so I can beat Mike at "who's more over who"!
Hey, hi! Hey, where've you been?
Oh! Wi... in the dres... in the dressing room!? Well, that's so weird! Phoebe and I were just trying on clothes in the dressing room. God it's just such a small world!
Rachel... I heard you guys whispering.
Oh God. You did. You heard. Ok, listen, let me explain.
No! There's nothing to explain. I heard you. Phoebe likes Joey.
It's just that... I don't understand it... I mean, Phoebe likes Joey and then she comes here to buy a dress to impress another guy...?
Yeah! That's Phoebe. That's Phoebe. You know, she just wants them all! It's like she's a nympho!
You know, by the way. I heard you tell her not to do anything. Thanks for sticking up for me. You are such a nice person.
Oh my God! You really want me to be the keynote speaker? Thank you!
Wow! You look... ... stop-eating hot! Which is like the highest level of hotness!
Are you sure? Because I'm really dreading going to this party.
Mike knows I'm coming, and if I don't show up he'll think it's because of him! And I don't want to lose face! That's a very serious thing in my culture.
Alright, then you go to that party and you pretend to be over Mike. And afterward you come to my place and I'll get you good and drunk!
You got it! Ok. But not on the wine that you made, ok, because I just don't want to go back to the Emergency Room.
Yeah. What-what are you doing here?
Well, I'm back from Minsk... permanently.
Well, remember how I was trying to achieve the positronic distillation of subatomic particles?
Well, after eight years of research I discovered that it can't be done.
Well, it's great that you're back! How are you?
She's also a scientist, so she's very smart and pretty and... well, it's actually because of you, really, that we're together, I mean, I saw what you had with that Mike guy, and I just said "Boy, I want that".
You're kidding me. Because I'm not seeing anybody, I've just totally made that up.
Yeah, I don't know why, I'm sorry, I guess I just didn't want to lose face.
I understand. Yeah. Ok so then ok, so we're both living in New York, not seeing anyone. That's so not like us!
Yeah, I know. Well... this is probably a stupid question, seeing that you look like that, but do you have some place that you need to be right now?
Do you wanna get a drink?
Oh, got it, stay upwind of me.
Hey, there's Phoebe! Is that Mike she's with?
I'm gonna take off now. You're gonna let me go home, aren't you?
You sure you don't wanna stick around a little longer?
No, no, I should get home, I'm kinda tired.
Are you just tired now or are you always tired, 'cause that could be a sign of clinical depression.
No it's just tiring having to figure out the age at which all my grandparents died. I'll see you tomorrow.
I think we've found our sperm!
Yeah, you think so, well? Should I ask him?
Why not, just because his great-grandmother was obese, our kids are gonna get that from you anyway!
No, that's not it. It's just that when we were asking him all those questions before, I just... I just realized I don't care if he's the most perfect guy in the world... he's not you.
No, he's not. And if I can't get pregnant with you, then I don't want to get pregnant by... him or anyone else.
Thank God, because I don't wanna do this either. You know, I was just doing because I thought that was what you wanted to do. You know, I'm the husband, I'm supposed to... bring the sperm.
That is so sweet. I love you.
So you know this leaves us with...
How do you feel about that?
I think I feel ok about it. Actually I think I feel really good about it.
Me too. I wanna find a baby that needs a home and I wanna raise it with you. And I wanna mess it up in our own specific way.
So this is it, we're really gonna adopt?
Oh my God, we're gonna be parents!
We are gonna be great parents.
And it could be soon. I mean, think about it: right now, somewhere out there our baby could be being conceived.
Wait, if we're lucky, and we're really really really quiet, we may be able to hear the sound of a condom breaking!
Look, I just wanted to apologize for last night. I got the feeling we made you a little uncomfortable.
My wife and I have some boundary issues, you know, sometimes we ask inappropriate questions. We're working on it.
Here are the boards for Friday's pitch .
You wouldn't know if Jeanette's planning on keeping her baby, would ya?
Hey! I'm all packed and ready to go!
Oh, that's right! Daddy and uncle Joey are going on a trip today. We're going to a conference in Barbados, right?
Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to hear me do my speech! UH! And I've a surprise, uh... I had to pull some strings but I was able to get everyone passes to the entire conference! That's right! This babies will get you into all the paleontology lectures and seminars.
Do you have anything that would... get us out of them?
Yeah Ross, I mean... we're excited to hear the speech but the rest of the time we're gonna wanna do, you know, "island's stuff".
I think David would probably wanna hear a few lectures.
Oh, right, because he's a scientist!
No, no, because, you know, he's been in Minsk for 8 years and if he gets too much direct sunlight, he'll die.
Ok, we gotta go, yeah? So, we'll see you guys tomorrow.
All right, let's do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie, have a couple of drinks, get under that blanket and do what comes naturally.
It's a blanket Joe, not a cloak of invisibility!
I know, there are gonna be some pasty folks by the pool tomorrow!
Oh my God, I can't believe you're here!
I think I've been recognized, this happens all the time!
Doctor Geller, I'm such a huge fan!
I've been following your career for years, I-I can't wait for your keynote speech.
Wow! This is very flattering, uh...
"... Sarah. I dig you", Uh? "Doctor Ross Geller".
Yeah, oh and Sarah... I'd like to introduce you to my colleague, uh, Professor Wheeler, a-and this is Joey Tribbiani.
No, God, no! No! No no, I'm an actor. You'd probably recognize me from a little show called "The Days of Our Lives".
Dude, it's just "Days of Our Lives"... there's no the.
Ok, Ross! It's... It's fun, yeah! No, I-I play Doctor Drake Ramoray.
I'm sorry, I don't own a TV.
You don't own a TV? What's all your furniture pointed at??
David, can you help me?! I'm trying to explain to Chandler how a plane stays in the air.
Yeah, that's the same as "it has something to do with wind".
Alright, I'm gonna go pick up a few things for the trip.
Oh, I should go, too. Oh, now... tomorrow do you guys wanna share a cab to the airport or should Mike and I just meet you there.
Mike is your ex... uh... boyfriend!
That's right! Oh, yeah... Well, I've totally forgotten about im! AH! That's-That's... a blast from the past!
Really, it doesn't mean anything. I mean, you know, Monica refers to Chandler as Richard all the time!
Let's get you out of here!!
At least you took me down with you!
I'm sooo sorry!! I just... I keep thinking about Mike! I'm crazy about David, and we're having so much fun together. Why-Why do I miss Mike? That's-that's gonna go away, right?
I mean, my feelings for Richard are certainly gone.
You just did it again. Chandler, your feelings for Chandler are certainly gone!
Well, Phoebe's still pretty hung up on that Mike, uh?
I wouldn't read too much into it.
Still you know, a girl calls you by your ex-boyfriend's name, that-that's not a good thing, right?
David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving advice. So if you want advice, go to Ross, Monica, or... Joey, if the thing you wanna advice about is pizza toppings or burning sensation when you pee.
Sorry, I just... I wish there was something I could do, you know? Well, you know Phoebe...
I'm sorry, uh... I just wish I could make her forget about Mike already, you know... Why did Phoebe and Mike break up?
Oh, because his penis was too big. Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do. They broke up because Mike didn't want to get married. Hey, what if you just let Phoebe know you'd be open to marriage?
That's great! That's great! I-I'll propose to her!
Well, I was probably going to do it at some point.
Why not? It's brilliant! Goodbye Mike, we'll see you at the wedding, fella! well, we probably won't invite you to the wedding... Thank you, Chandler. Sincerely.
Well, you're welcome! Glad I could help.
How do you think I should propose?
David, I'm pretending to read here!!
Yeah! How you doin'? Yeah alright!
Hey, hey! You said you're gonna wear a thong, where's the thong?
I didn't mean a thong... I meant thongs...
You really should have been more clear about that!
You're never going to guess who I just saw downstairs!
Yeah, she never misses these conferences! No, I just saw Dr. Kenneth Schwartz!
Oh my God! Did you talk to him?
Yeah... what am I going to say to Kenneth Schwartz?
You could say: "Hey Kenny, how come you're not Britney Spears?"
Wha...? You're gonna go now? I thought we could hang out?
Oh I can't... I have seminars all day and I promised Ross I would look at his speech.
But maybe we can have dinner later? On the balcony? Will be romantic.
Oh... you got yourself a very weird deal!
I'm good, I have dinner plans .
Yeah, yeah. I've got tons of stuff I could do. I'm gonna hit the beach, go swimming...
Uh, Joe, have you looked outside?
There's an indoor pool, you can swim there!
I wasn't gonna swim, I was gonna dig a hole!
Wow! That Mike thing was interesting! I don't know what's gonna happen with Phoebe and David.
I do! Want a hint? huh? "I do" "I do".
Ok, I'm sensing that this is some kind of word play, because you are pink with barely controlled glee.
David is going to propose to Phoebe.
Be-cause, we were talking about ways that he could beat Mike and I told him that Phoebe wanted to get married.
Chandler, we have talked about this. You are not supposed to give people advice! Now couldn't you just have made some sort of inappropriate joke?
I did! A penis one! Look, just so I know, what was so wrong about what I said?
They've only been going out for a few weeks and Phoebe is completely hung up on Mike! She'll say "No", David's heart will be broken, it will be too hard for them to recover from and then Phoebe will end up alone again.
Oh! Hey! Thank God you guys are here!
Everything is upside down here! It rains all day long, nobody watches tv and Ross is famous!
Alright, I don't wanna alarm anybody, but Monica's hair is twice as big as it was when we landed!
Ok! When I go places with high humidity, it gets a little extra body, ok?!
That's why our honeymoon photos look like me and Diana Ross!
Come on, I'll show you guys where to check in.
Oh, honey, can you make sure we get a King size bed!
Oh! David, get one for us too! Oh, oh, and see if they have a heart-shaped one! And with mirrors on the ceiling!
And make sure our room isn't next to theirs .
Ooh! You guys are so lucky you are here with people, you known it's such a romantic place. That's all, I just wish I could share that with a guy.
Not Joey, no, I was just lusting after Chandler.
So, ehm... I'm proposing to Pheobe tonight.
Tonight?! Isn't an engagement ring supposed to have a diamond? Oh, there it is!
Yeah, well, being a failed scientist doesn't pay quite as well as you might think. That's uhm... one seventieth of a karat. And the clarity is uhm... is quite poor.
Monica, can I talk to you for a sec?
David is going to propose to Phoebe tonight!
See what happens when you give people advice? I hope you told him not to?
Ok fine. I'll handle this. Phoebe?
I need to talk to you.
Ok, my husband just gave your boyfriend some very bad advice. Look, David is going to propose to you tonight.
What are you serious? You wanna marry him? Wha... What about Mike?
Oh, ok, you want me to marry Mike? Alright, well, let's just gag him and handcuff him and force him down the aisle. I can just see it: "Mike, do you take Phoebe..." You know, it's every girl's dream!
Do you really think marrying someone else is the right answer?
Sure! Look, ok, bottom line: I love Mike... David! David. I love David. Don't look at me that way, Roseanne Rosannadanna!
By using CT scans and computer imaging we can in a very real way, bring the Mesozoic era into the 21st century.
It's great. You're gonna be the hit of the conference.
Oh and you know what, it will be even better tomorrow, because I won't be constantly interrupted by Joey checking to see if they put chocolates on my pillow yet. .
Ross just read me his speech. It's fantastic!
Oh, is it on the computer, cuz I'd love to give it a read...?
If you want to check your email, just ask!
What's with the rain, Geller? I mean, when I signed up for Dino Week, nobody said anything about it being monsoon season.
Actually the wet season is June to December.
Oh, no, no, no dear God, no!
Oh what, did someone outbid you for the teapot? Oh! Secret teapot?
Your computer, I don't know wha... everything's gone!
It must be a virus. I think it erased your hard drive.
What, oh my God. What did you do?
Someone I don't know sent me an e-mail and I opened it.
Why, why would you open it?
Well, it didn't say "This is a virus"!!
Nude... ... pictures of Anna Kournikova. I'm so sorry.
What... what am I gonna do? My speech is gone, Chandler!
It's not gone! I mean, I'm sure you printed out a copy. You have a hard copy, right?
Well, you must be pretty mad at yourself right now...!
Yep! I'd like to thank you guys for coming down here to complain about the rain and ruin my career!
Yeah, well you should! I mean, nude pictures of Anna Kournikova? I mean, she's never even won a major tournament!
Well, I tried Billy Jean King, but... you know, you and Monica have the same "I'm gonna kill you" look...? I can usually make it go away by kissing her...
You know, this happens all the time to my computer at work.
Well, I usually go... play Tetris on somebody else's computer.
I can't believe this. I can't believe this is happening. I have to give the keynote speech tomorrow! Ok? I have to stand up in front of all these people. What am I gonna say?
I could teach you a speech that I memorized for auditions.
I don't think that your monologue from Star Wars is gonna help me right now, Joe!
Ross, we can solve this. I just heard your speech. We can recreate it! We've got all night!
Wha... what you really think we can do that?
Oh wait, Joey and I are supposed to have dinner .
Hey don't worry about that! I mean, Ross needs you! And Rachel and I will stay and help anyway we can.
Alright, ok, let's do it. Uhm, I know we start by discussing the shortcomings of carbon dating... uhm, and then, then I move on to what is clearly the defining moment of the Mesozoic era, the breakup of Pangea, hello! And then, there's the... eh... there's the overview of the Triassic.
Oh, oh! Any chance any of this happened in a "Galaxy far, far away"? .
Ok, Mike, enough is enough, now you love Phoebe and she loves you, so you need to get over your whole "I never want to get married" thing and step up!
This is Monica! I'm Phoebe's friend. Listen, Phoebe is back with David and he's going to propose to her, and she is going to say "yes" but I know she really wants to be with you!
I... I'm sorry, did you say something? I can't hear through all this damned hair!
Look, if Phoebe wants to marry David, she should, I'm not gonna stand in the way of that and neither should you.
You don't tell me what to do! I tell you what to do! Just call her. She's at the Paradise Hotel in Barbados. And while I've got you, you've got curly hair. What do you do in humidity? Damnit!
Oooh! I hope you're happy too, honey!
Phoebe is going to say "Yes" to David. See, that's what happens when you meddle in people's lives!
Phoebe is going to say "yes"? That's, that's great!
No it's not, b'cause she's still in love with Mike!
And there's not chance that will work?
No, I called him. It's not gonna happen.
Well, if you hadn't meddled to start with, I wouldn't have had to go in there and meddle myself. Now, no matter how much we meddle, we will never be able to un-meddle the thing that you meddled up - in the first place!
I'm so bored! Stupid rain, we... we can't do anything.
Well, I've brought some books. We could read.
Hey, it hasn't come to that yet.
Hey hey hey! Don't mind if I do!
I'm sorry sir, these are for the pharmaceutical convention.
Hey Rach, do you feel like going to a convention?
I know we're not, but Frank Medeio and... Eva Trorro... womba...
And... that's the most sex I'm gonna have this weekend.
In that case should I make sure it's on real good?
And then, and then you said that thing about, about bringing the Mesozoic era in the 21st century.
Oh my God, we did it!
Actually I did it Ross. You remembered shockingly little of your own speech.
Yes, but I did make a pyramid out of the bath products. This is amazing, thank you, thank you so much. That's a pretty necklace.
Hey, what do you say we celebrate? Champagne?
Oh yeah! Hey, save the cork and then we can fill the bottle with water and put it back so they don't charge you.
Oh my God, I love you.
Oh, this is such a cute picture of Emma. And is this your son... or just some kid whose picture you bring on vacation?
That's Ben, my son from my first marriage.
So, why did you break up?
Oh, it was... it's complicated, you know? She... she was... eh... gay.
Oh my God, this is so cool!
Ok, odd thing to get excited about!
No, it's just... I was enganged to a guy who turned out to be gay!
Didn't you feel so stupid that you didn't see the signs? My fiance was always going away on these long weekends with his tennis partner.
My wife had a workout friend she went to the gym with everyday for a year. She didn't get any fitter.
Right and then everybody finds out and they're like: "Oh, I knew all along"
I know! It's like, if you knew, why didn't you tell me, you know? I mean, call, or leave a note: "Hi, I just dropped by to say your wife's gay"
And then, you try to make the best of a bad situation, so you float the idea of a threesome?
Well, who knew? Pharmacists are fun.
I know, that old lady at the end was ready to take you home.
Not enough pills in the world, Rach. What about you, you're the single one, seen anybody in there you like?
Well, let's see. There was a really big guy that I was talking to, with the really nice breasts...
But what about back home, anything going on there? Anybody you like?
No, I'm not blushing, I'm sunburnt! From, you know, the rain.
You like someone. Tell me who it is. Who is it?
Come on who? Who do you like? Tell me. You're not getting away that easy. Who do you like, who?
Joey, come on! It doesn't matter, you know, it's not like anything's gonna happen.
What? Why not? Rach, who can you not get?
Oh! Ok. Ok, you really wanna know who it is?
I just left you a message! Ross and I were gonna go grab a bite, but now that you're here, maybe we can go have that dinner.
Right, of course. Hey, did you guys finish the speech?
Yep, we got it, we got it. Thank you so much.
Alright, hey look, and this isn't over, because I really wanna know who...
I can't believe she's gonna say yes to David. She's clearly in love with Mike.
You know, it's very hard to take you seriously when you look like that.
Uh, Phoebe, uh, I have... something I wanna say.
Oh my God, he's gonna do it now. Please, I cannot watch this, let's go.
I think we have some time. Have you ever heard him talk? "Uh, Phoebe, uh, I would be honoured, uh..." Spit it out, David!
Uh, Phoebe, uh... you're an amazing woman, and the time we spent apart was, was unbearable. Of course the sanitation strikes in Minsk didn't help!
But well, now that we're together again, I don't ever want to be apart. So, to that end...
What are you, what are you doing here?
I have a question I need to ask you.
I have a question I was kinda gonna ask her myself.
Yeah, I understand, but before you do, she really needs to hear this.
Ok, would you care for my seat as well?
That's fair, you've had a long trip.
Phoebe, I love you. I mean, I missed you so much these last few months and I thought we were apart for a good reason, but then I suddenly realized that there was no reason good enough to keep me from spending the rest of my life with you.
Kinda stepped on the toes of what I was going to say.
Sorry David, but she really has to know this.
Alright, but after this I want to see you outside. If the rain stops.
You're the most incredible woman I've ever met. How can I lose you? Now, I don't actually have a ring...
I wouldn't brag too much about that thing, big guy.
I love you. But I never needed a proposal from you. I just needed to know that we were headed somewhere, you know, that we had a future.
We can have any future you want.
David, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry.
Just so I know, if I had asked first...
Yeah, I might have said yes, but that would have been wrong.
Please, you don't have to explain. I mean, perhaps if I hadn't gone to Minsk things would have worked out for us. And I wouldn't have ruined my career, or lost that toe to frostbite. It was a good trip!
Is it ok if I hug you now?
Oh, ain't this nice? It's so quiet, I could just lie here all day.
Open your drapes! Open your drapes!
I'm so glad we've got adjoining rooms!
Hey! Remember when I had corneas?
Ok listen, you go down to the pool and reserve the chairs, and I'll get the magazines and the lotion.
Ladies? Ross's speech is in 45 minutes.
Then we have to await the data from recent MRI scans and DNA testing which call into question information gathered from years of simple carbon dating.
Look at that woman sitting by the pool getting tan... so leathery and wrinkled, I'm so jealous!
Finally, factoring the profusion of new species recently discovered: Gigantosaurus, Argentinasaurus...
Not to mention the cold sores.
And that's just the herbivores. I'm not even gonna discuss the carnivores, their heads are already too big. Which is ironic considering their stunted cerebral development.
But all kidding aside, in much the same way that Homo ergaster is now thought to be a separate species from Homo erectus...
... and while there are certainly vast differences between these Mesozoic fossiles and the example of Homo erectus...
... in a very real way we can bring the Mesozoic era into the 21st century. Thank you!
Jarvis Oberblau, Cornell. I mean, the ideas you put forth and, and from someone... so... young... and... .
Ok... now... now we're just holding hands!
All right! Well, uh... we're gonna hit the beach?
Ok!... All right, thanks! Thank you so much, you guys! Oh, I can't tell you how much it means to me that you were here!
You're kidding, we wouldn't have missed it!
Oh, I can't tell you how great it was to look at the crowd and see your face! I mean... uh, did you know you were mouthing the words along with me?
No, it's ok! Made me feel like a rock star!
Oh my God! I'm your groupie!
I'd better not found you naked in my hotel room!
Look, I took it too far!
I can't believe it's raining again! Oh, it's so unfair!!!
Well, on the bright side, now you won't have to see all these paleontologists with their shirts off. Not you guys. You got it going on!
So, what are we gonna do today?
They have a game room downstairs! Ping pong and stuff.
Ping pong? Honey, they have ping pong! Let's play!
Because you know how competitive you get and well, I say it's cute, others disagree, and I'm lying!
Oh, yeah? What happened when we played last time?
Hey! As soon as it stops raining we have got to go snorkeling! Some kid told me about the sea turtle and, if you blow bubbles in its face, it chases ya!
I'm sorry, I can't! I'm running a discussion group all afternoon.
Oh... oh, but that's ok, I'll find someone else to do it... I'll do it alone, but... I don't know what happens if the sea turtle catches you...
You know... I feel so bad! I haven't seen you this whole trip and especially last night...
Hey! Don't worry about it! It was fine! I ended up having the best time with Rachel! I just felt bad for you, stuck in that room, working on Ross's speech...
Actually, it turned out to be a lot of fun!
Oh! Oh, well! At least we're both having fun!
... is it weird that it's not with each other?
I think we need to talk...!
Yeah... I think we do... ... about what?
All right, all right... I'll play if we don't keep score!
But then how do we know who wins?
So, we're just four losers... SUPER!
Mike, you don't know, you don't know what you're doing!
She gets crazy! This scar is from Pictionary!
I think I will be all right! You wanna volley a bit for a serve?
Oh, by the way... I'm awesome!!
Oh dear God, there's two of them!
Did you know this about him?
No idea! I though he was soft like you!
To see who goes first, you got a quarter?
No... Either of you girls got a quarter?
Honey, try to focus the trash talk on him!
Oh, no! I don't think so! You know, according to standard table tennis rules if at any time a player uses his non racket bearing hand to touch the playing surface he or she forfeits the point.
... all these coasts having beautiful weather. In New York, it's 72 and sunny!
Uh... Charlie and I broke up.
Oh well, she said we have nothing in common.
No, it's not, we have nothing in common!
I mean, she should be with someone like... Ross! You know what I mean, he uses all those big words too! Man, smart people are dull!
I feel so stupid, you know? Why... why do I keep going after the wrong girls?
W-What are you, what are you talking about?
Oh, c'mon, I mean, there's you, then there's Charlie, and it's like... What the hell is my problem? OH!
Ok... uh... maybe you're not always going after the wrong girl...
I'm telling you, Rach, Charlie is not right for me!
Yeah, I'm not talking about her...
But then who? The waitress I went out with last month?
No-no-no-no, no! Who, who were you talking about?
No, I-I-I-I don't, I actually don't know who I'm talking about! So!
Ok! All right, well... I'm gonna see if I can get a room for the night and I'll... I'll see you later!
Ok, let's not make a big thing about this!
Not working with me, Joe! Here's the thing: lately I have been having thoughts musings, if you will!
What the... DIAL IT DOWN! Listen, ok, and maybe they're crazy thoughts, but sometimes I do, I have, I've been thinking about... you know, us! Ok, dial it up a little!
What the hell are you doin'???
I don't know, I'm not trying to do anything, it's just, we have such a good time when we're together, you know... I mean, aren't you just a... little curious... what that would be like?...
Uh, am I curious? I mean, I am as curious as... as... George!!
CURIOUS GEORGE ! You know, the monkey, and the guy with the yellow hat!
Oh yes, of course, I remember him!
Yeah, he had a paper route.
Yeah, he did! Oh, see, this is what I'm talking about!
No, I know, yeah I know we're great but Rach no... this... this can't happen!
But can it... just... happen a little bit?
NO, NO! It can't happen at all!
Because... look, no one wants this to happen more than me, ok? I have gone over this moment in my head a hundred times and not once did I ever say no! I couldn't do it to Ross!
But that wasn't gonna stop you before!
I know, I know! But I've thought about it a lot since, and it just wouldn't be right... I'm sorry...!
I'm sorry, too! OH GOD! I shouldn't have said anything!
NO! No-no-no-no-no-no! Hey! Hey, we'll be fine! Li... hey, like you said: no big deal!
It's so not a big deal!
Yeah! I'll see ya later! Yeah!
Ooh! I'm sorry! I think, I THINK, that may have missed the table!
Do you really find this attractive on him?
Oh, yeah! Are you telling me you... you're not even... a little turned on by Monica, right now?
I think this is the first time in our marriage that I've felt like the more attractive one.
C'mon Mike, you can beat her! Knock that dog off her head!
Don't get too cocky! Remember I won the last one! Oh, by the way, how did that feel, losing to a girl?
You know, you should really look in a mirror before you call yourself that.
Okay-dokay, you've each won a game and I've lost what's felt like a year of my life. So everybody goes home a winner.
Should I use my invisibility to fight crime or for evil?
Ok Mike, better come back Mike, better come back.
I'm just saying, I have a cabin in the Adirondacks if you ever want to get away from the city, well, that'd be just nifty!
Ooh, well. Ah, I kinda have got a lot on my plate right now, not that I wouldn't love a weekend in the country with a strange man.
Oh, you're back... this is my wife, Nancy.
Ross, can I talk to you for a minute?
Yes, please! So, what's going on?
Uh, well... Joey and I broke up.
Joey is a great guy, but we're just... so different! I mean, during your speech he kept laughing at homo erectus!
Anyway I just, uh, I think it's for the best.
I guess. There was hum... there was another reason that I thought it was time to end it with Joey. I started to realize that I was having feelings for someone else.
Ok Geller. Last day of the conference, you know what happens to the keynote speaker.
Oh, professor Clerk we're kind of in the middle of a conversation, here.
Yeah, can you guys just throw him in the pool later?
Or we could throw you both in now!
Ok, gentlemen! Please! Aren't we a little old for this? I mean, we're scientists, right? We're academics. And most importantly I... you-you will have to catch us first. . GO, GO, GO!
Ok, so it's a tie again, 41 to 41.
No, I have just to have two more points to beat him!
Monica, that was also true an hour ago! I mean, please, look at you! Your hand is blistered, you can barely stand, your hair is inexplicable! Ok, you've already proven you are just as good as he is, now we've missed our dinner reservations, so now let's just go upstairs, order room service, take a shower and shave your head!
I can't just walk away! I've put in four hours!
Look! You knew this about me when you married me! You agreed to take me in sickness and in health. Well, this is my sickness!
No, no, no. Honey, I'm ok. Shake it off! Oh, no! No shaking, no shaking! Ooh! Ooh! Oh my God! I can't play!
I can't believe it! I lost!
Because I'm gonna play for ya.
Oh, that's ok. I don't care which of them I beat.
Ok, we're taking that paddle home, mister.
Honey, you don't have to do this.
Yes, I do. Now, I may not understand why you have to win so badly, but if it's important to you then it's important to me, because I love you.
All right Mike, let's get this over with. Sudden death. Whoever wins this point, wins.
Oh my God. That was so amazing! When did you Hold on! I almost forgot loser! When did you stop sucking?
I never sucked, I actually didn't want you to know how good I was!
This is so great! Now we can enter into doubles tournaments!
Are they still looking for us?
Yeah. The bartender said that they split up into two search parties, the herbivores and the carnivores. You know, we as a group are not the coolest.
I don't think they saw us.
Hum, so, I started to say you something earlier, hum... There was another reason I realized it was time to end it with Joey. I kind of realized I... was starting to have feelings... for someone else.
Oh. Can I... can I ask who?
I think I know too but I've been really wrong about this stuff in the past, so...
I mean, you just went out with my best friend, and I just think it'd be a really really bad idea. Or-or not!
What? Homo ergaster: Some scientists classify some African erectus specimens as belonging to a separate species, Homo ergaster, which differs from the Asian H. erectus fossils in some details of the skull .
