I found a note on my door, "Come to Monica's quick, bring champagne and a Three Musketeers bar."
Yeah, she's been out there for twenty minutes, I'm surprised you didn't hear her on the way over.
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
Oh no, let her stay out there. It's sweet.
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
Okay, you get her in here. You bolt the door. I'll be in the closet.
Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh! Okay, umm, I just wanna say that...I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night. Our special night. I mean it just wouldn't be my-our-our night, if you all weren't here to celebrate with me-us-Damnit!
It's okay, I want this to be your night too. To Monica.
Awww, come on-wait-stop it. Okay, to Monica.
So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y'know, I'm kinda musical.
Yeah Pheebs, honey, she just got engaged a couple of hours ago. I doubt she's even had time to...
Well speaking of chiming in, remember the time you burned down my apartment?
Y'know what we should do? We should all get dressed up and go to have champagne at The Plaza.
But I-I-I can't stay too long, I gotta get up early for a commercial audition tomorrow and I gotta look good. I'm supposed to be playing a 19-year-old. What?
So when you said, "Get up early," did you mean 1986?
You guys don't think I look 19?
Oh, 19! We thought you said 90!
Okay everybody, let's go! Let's go!
Hey, is uh the rest of my candy bar around here?
Oh honey no, you ate it all.
Y'know what shoes would look great with this ring? Diamond shoes! You're not getting dressed.
Yeah, but I don't think we have time.
There's gonna be a wedding. You're gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don't worry about it!
I'm not worried, I'm uh, I'm fascinated. Y'know it's like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me.
Check it out. Okay, I can play this when the guests are coming in. Okay. "First Time I Met Chandler, I Thought He Was Gay. But here I am singing on his wedding day!"
If you would've let me finish, it goes on to say that he's probably not gay.
Sure, you guys don't have this problem, you're made of wood. Hey!
I don't know, y'know? I feel a little umm... No, y'know what? Nevermind, I'm gonna be fine.
Oh, don't worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody.
Hey, do you believe this? Do you believe they are actually getting married?
Well sure. But I get married all the time so...
Yeah, I guess. I-I... I mean, do-do you think we're ever gonna have that?
Oh no-no-no-no-no, no, no! We, you with someone and me with someone.
Oh good, you scared me for a minute.
I mean-no, it's just 'cause, it's just 'cause you and I were like a nightmare. No, but there was some good times.
No, absolutely. Y'know like it was umm...
Surely you can think of something good.
Yeah, just give me a minute! Oh well, yes, I can think of one good thing.
Well you uh, you were always really good at the uh, at the uh the stuff.
Yeah? I was good at the stuff huh?
Uh-hmm, uh-hmm, yeah, yeah, I really liked your hands.
Way to go guys. Y'know, you-you were really good at the stuff too.
Oh, I know. Hey, y'know what we never did? Oh no, not that. We uh, we never had bonus night!
Y'know, bonus night. Y'know, when two people break up but they get back together for just one night.
One night, just-just sex. No strings attached?
Okay, this is getting a little crazy. I mean, I'm-I'm sure it would be amazing but I...gotta say I really-really don't think it would be a good idea. Y'know? I really, really...don't.
Take whatever you want, just please don't hurt me.
So you're playing a little Playstation, huh? That's whack! Playstation is whack! 'Sup with the whack Playstation, 'sup?! Huh? Come on, am I 19 or what?!
Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
Come on man, really how old?!
Young! You're a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody's ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
Uhh, you've had a lot of sex right?
When? Today? Some, not a lot.
Well, it's just the reason that I'm asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to-I mean I really wanted too, but I couldn't.... There huh-hmm, there-there was an incident.
Don't worry about that man, that happens.
Phoebe! Come on! Let's go! Come on! Why aren't you dressed yet?!
I'm sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out.
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
Really?! Oh that's so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I'll have to pound on you for a little bit.
Fair enough, now go get ready!
I'll get everybody else , finally we can start celebrating my- I'm sorry, uh apparently I've opened the door to the past.
Okay, Monica. Mon, uh what-what you just saw...
Can I ask you just a little question, huh? Why tonight?
See, I've been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I'm only planning on doing this once. So, uh y'know, maybe this is selfish and I'm sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
Oh honey, but it is just about...
No it's not! No! No! Now it's about you and Ross getting back together!
See yeah umm, you kinda stole my thunder!
Okay! Ho-ho! We did not steal your thunder because we are not getting back together!
Yeah. No. And you know what? Nobody even saw!
Honey I swear it we just kissed.
You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
Okay come on Phoebe, it's nothing! Monica, come on!
Look let's not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn't even matter!
Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
I don't think that's what they were talking about Joe!!
What a great night, Chandler can't do it, these guys kissed...
You guys kissed! Oh my-this is huge!
And; people thinking it's huge has led Monica to believe that we are stealing her thunder. Which we are not!
Well, we're still talking about it, aren't we?
Well yeah, that and Chandler's problem.
Monica-Monica-Monica-Monica, listen-listen, listen, listen, would-would it make you feel better if we all stop talking about Ross and Rachel.
You got it. Okay. Now, I can pass for 19 right?!
Yes, you can pass for 19.
Seriously? Seriously, no! You can play your own age which is 31!
Joey, you are not! You're 31.
Okay, so The Plaza! Okay, we'll get us some Mai Thai's, maybe no more for you though.
Y'know what? I-I think that umm, I don't feel like going to The Plaza.
Honey, Monica, this is ridiculous! Look...
No-no, I-I really don't want to talk about it! I don't! Especially with you.
Yeah? Okay, I think I'll play it at the wedding.
Yeah! Well, I think we'll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like, "You look 19," and then they just take it away like-like, "No you don't."
Well, I don't think Monica is gonna take this away.
Would she? You ate my candy bar!
Hey, I just realized we kinda let some stuff up in the air...
What do you think Monica mean when she said she didn't want to talk, especially with me? I mean, why not especially you and me? We were both out there kissing.
Come on! Serious-ser-ser-seriously, what did she mean by that? Especially you!
Y'know what, I-I have to go talk to her, would you let me just get changed?
Am I going to let you watch me undress?
I can't believe her, y'know it's just-it's so typical.
Now Monica, I know you're upset, but don't forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there's going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la .
Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it's romantic, but because I can!
Okay, don't say anything, you might scare it away.
It's Paris, who knows we're here!
Okay, you said I could sing at your wedding so, I'm just gonna need a small deposit.
Y'know, just some good faith money to hold the date.
Pheebs, we're not giving you a deposit for our wedding!
They break your heart, don't they?
Y'know, I don't really their permission.
Yeah! If you wanna sing at their wedding, well you sing at their wedding!
Yeah! And if you wanna look 19, then you... You gotta do something about your eyes.
What?! What's wrong with my eyes.
They give you away! There's just-there's just too much wisdom in there. Just put some tea bags on there for like 15 minutes.
And that'll get rid of my wisdom?
Maybe just 10 minutes for you.
Oh, give her the deposit! Give her the ring! I don't care!
Monica, what did you mean before when you said you didn't want to talk to anyone, especially me?
What a great apology! And you accept! Okay, bye-bye!
No-no, seriously-seriously, what was the especially me part about?
Well, let's just say it's not the first time you've stolen my thunder.
Monica, what are you talking about?
My Sweet Sixteen! Remember, you went to third base with my cousin Charlie.
It's all everybody at the party could talk about!
Monica, y'know what? The only reason I did that was because your party was so boring!
"Whenever I get married, guess who won't get to sing? Somebody named Geller! And somebody else named Bing!"
Monica, your Sweet Sixteen was like a million years ago.
And yet, here we are doing it again.
Ugh, Monica I don't want to steal your stupid thunder!
Oh please! Why else would you have made out with Ross?!
All right, easy mimey, the moment has passed, it ain't gonna happen!
I just thought it would be nice if I could have just this one night!
I swear, I never wanted any part of your night!
Oh, is that why you did it the secret hallway where nobody ever goes?!
Uh, Rachel, I've been thinking. I don't think us getting together tonight is such a good idea. I'm calling it off.
Why to save your dignity my man.
Monica, why? Why would I ever want to take away from your night?
I don't know! I don't-maybe you're feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you'd get married first! Maybe you can't stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
Oh wow. That-y'know what? That is so unfair. Y'know what? Now I want to steal your thunder! Come on Ross, let's go have sex!
I can't believe you're gonna have sex on my engagement night!!
Look uh, if we're gonna do this...
We're not gonna do this, all right? She's just gonna think that we're doin' it.
Oh, I see, so everybody wins.
Okay well Ross! Stop it please! Wait a minute!
Yeah, you like that baby? May we help you?
I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I'm going to announce that I'm pregnant!
How is that ever going to happen?!
All right Monica, do you want to know why I was with Ross tonight?!
Look, I am so...so happy for you guys, but you getting married just reminds me of the fact that I'm not. I'm not even close. And I don't know, maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better. And I know that that's dumb, but oh my God you were so depressed when Ross got married that you slept with Chandler!
I don't care, she slept with me.
Anyway sweetie, I am, I'm so sorry I ruined your night.
I'm sorry I almost made you sleep with Ross.
Well, I'm going to take off. Congratulations man.
What can I say, you missed your chance. From now on the only person who's going to enjoy these bad boys is me.
"We thought Phoebe would leave, but she just stayed and stayed. That's right, I'm here all night, and Chandler will never get l..."
Hey! Here's a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
Now... "Who will perform the ceremony! Who will perform the cer--Oh-oh! All right, I'll pound on him in the morning.
Good, me too. Eggs and milk are in the fridge. Thanks.
I don't know, my hand feels weird. I guess it's because, I'm engaged! How long before it starts getting annoying?
Yeah, so let's get started on the wedding plans!
Yeah, we got a lot to do! We gotta think about the flowers, the caterers, the music...
Oh, I got some thoughts on that.
Oh wait Chandler, too many cooks...
Take from me, as the groom all you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.
What in God's name is that?!
Oh my God, the wedding book?! I haven't seen that since the forth grade!
This baby has got everything. Take y'know, locations for instance. First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.
That is so smart! Break it off. Break it off now.
And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let's take a look at...
Phoebe, oh my God! Wh-wh-what are you doing here?
I need to talk to you, it's pretty urgent. It's about Monica and Chandler.
Oh my God! Of course, of course. Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you... Wh-what's going on?
Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
Umm, okay, yeah, sure. But wh-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
Phoebe, you said it was urgent!
Oh yeah it is! I'm going to the movies and it starts in like five minutes.
Do you realize I have a classroom full of students?
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so rude. Does anyone want to come to the movies?
All right, so I haven't cleared the budget with my parents yet, but tell me how this is for music.
All right umm, a string quartet for the procession.
A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedding.
Well, you couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't plan anymore and Derrick... And Derrick is a name I shouldn't know.
Hey Mon, do you have another pillow? Y'know, something a little snugglyer?
Why are you napping over here instead of over at your place?
What?! The duck?! What the hell did the damn duck do now?!
Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
Of course you can look at it! Yeah, I want your opinion too!
Here you go! What do you think about centerpieces?
Definitely roses. Well, I just think they're a little more weddingy. But Lilies are the clear choice.
Oh my God! It's like one mind.
Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh, I'm gonna get cranky!
Joey, there is a perfectly good couch across the hall!
Yes it is perfectly good, and it is not one of the places the duck got sick!
Now Joey, what did the duck do?!
I don't know! But he did not eat your face cream!
Hey little buddy, how are you feeling? What the hell is in that face cream? That's so soft. Pillowcases! Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar... The vicar? ...wouldn't be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his... Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book!
I'm sorry, I'm with a client right now.
Phoebe, you can't massage people in my apartment!
What's the big deal? I did it at Monica and Chandler's!
Okay, well Ross, what is this really about?
Look, this is my home and I want to be able to come and go whenever I want!
Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don't know what the big deal is!
The big deal is I don't want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle-beer! Cold beer.
Huh. What if I was sweeping a chimney?
Joey, did you my face cream?
Where are you going? The vicar won't be home for hours.
Joey, where did you learn that word?
Joey, what-what are you doing going into my bedroom?!
Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing with a woman enjoying a little...erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand.
Uh no-no, she-she's out for the night.
Can I, can I help you with something?
Well, I don't know. Are you a masseur?
Great! Dad! Thank you so much, I'll be back to pick him up in an hour.
So Chandler, you're parents must've been thrilled when you told them you were engaged.
Oh yeah, I should probably call them.
I remember when we first got engaged.
Oh, I don't think I ever heard that story.
Oh dad, really you don't need to...
Well, I'd gotten Judy pregnant. I still don't know that happened.
You don't know how that happened?! Your dog thought my diaphragm was a chew toy!
Well, at least you're not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party.
What?! They wanted a scary story!
Anyway, we're really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we'll be making a big withdrawal from the Monica wedding fund. What?
You tell her Jack, I can't do it.
What happened? You still have the Monica wedding fund don't you?
We have it. Only now, we call it the beach house.
I don't believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house!
We're sorry honey, but we just assumed if you got married after you turned 30 you'd pay for it yourself.
You bought the beach house when I was 23!
Which means you had seven years of beach fun and you can't put a price on that sweetie.
We really do feel bad about this though.
We started saving again when you were dating Richard and then that went to hell, so we redid the kitchen.
What about when I started dating Chandler?
Well it was Chandler! We didn't think he'd ever propose!
Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal.
I can't believe it! That there is no money for my wedding?!
We might still have some money, if your father didn't think it was a good idea to sell ice over the Internet.
It seemed like such a simple idea.
Stupid Jack, the word is stupid.
All right, enough! I don't want to hear about it anymore! Good luck, Chandler.
Okay! Now, I'm going to touch you. Ohh, that's soft.
I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to Dollywood.
My parents spent the money for our wedding!
My God! What did you order?!
Wait, but there's no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a, rec. center!
No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
Do you even understand what off the rack means?!
Look, why don't you just pay for it yourself?
How? I don't have any money.
Well what?! How-how much is it?!
It's enough for wedding scenario eight.
How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!
Ohh, you guys are so made for each other.
Well, you're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
This is the most special day of our lives.
No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Honey, umm I-I love you, but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
You-you're gonna have to put your foot down?
Wow, money and a firm hand. Finally a Chandler I can get on board with.
Hey Rach, do you smell smoke?
Uh-huh, I get it, smoke, chimney, chimney sweep, very funny, ha-ha.
No-no-no, I'm serious. You don't smell it? Something's on fire.
Well no, I don't smell anything.
Oh, y'know what? It's probably just your burnin' loins.
Hey, what are you guys, what are you guys talking about?
Damn, this coffee's cold! Hey Rach, do you mind if I heat this up on your loins?
Y'know, I can not believe you told him, Joey!
So I guess you bought that book after we broke up huh?
Uh-huh, yeah I did, because I wore out my first copy when I was with you.
Oh yeah, yeah? Well uh, when we were going out, I read tons of porno magazines! 'Sup?
Ross! How could you do that to an old man?!
My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a really weird massage this afternoon.
I gave him an extremely professional massage!
He said you poked at him with wooden spoons.
Okay, so it wasn't uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopsticks. And, and I gently exfoliated him with, with a mop.
Well, he's never coming back! Okay? You just cost me eight dollars a week!
Hey, y'know what? This is your fault! You're the one that didn't move his-his appointment.
Oh, it's my fault?! You didn't have to massage him! You could've sent him away! You could've not rolled Tonka trucks up and down his back!
He said he liked that!! Oh you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
Dude, what are you massaging an old man for?
Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Oh, you're so sweet. Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
How many kids were we gonna have?
Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
What else did you think about?
Well, stuff like where'd we live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it's collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
No, I want everything you just said. I want a marriage.
I love you. Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin' about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.
Who are you supposed to be?
Do you even know what a vicar is?
Yeah. Look Joey, it's enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendoes and it's-I'm not-it's just not funny anymore!
All right, I'm sorry. Rach I-Rach I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you roughly in the barn.
All right! Y'know what? That's it! You wanna do it?! Let's do it!
That's right, I wanna do it with you! I've been trying to fight it, but you just said all the right things.
Yeah! Ohh, I've been waitin' so long to get on that body!
Yeah that's right! Come on Joey; sex me up!
Hey-hey, you're startin' to sound like the butcher's wife there in-in chapter seven.
Oh, come on now, don't keep me waiting. Get those clothes off! But, I would keep that helmet on because you're in for a rough ride!
I don't want to, I'm scared.
Are you kidding? Okay, I'll give you a hint; I'll give you a hint.
Eyes! No, no. Your eyes! No. Chandler's eyes!
Yeah-yeah, did-didn't you use to have a pair? They were really round, burgundy, and they made you look kind of umm...
Sweetie, I think the glasses look great. They make you look really sexy.
You didn't think I used to wear glasses, right?
So what do you guys want for an engagement present?
That's okay Pheebs, we're not having a party or anything, so you don't have to get us...
If someone wants to give us a present, we don't want to deprive them of that joy.
Oh, y'know what you should get 'em? One of those little uh, portable CD players.
Not unless someone borrowed it and left it at the gynecologist.
Yeah, and-and-and by someone, she means Joey.
Hey, I know I what I want!
No, you don't want this. I want to have your grandmother's cookie recipe.
You mean the chocolate chip cookie recipe?
You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our family?
Dying people say the craziest things.
I wanted it for years! I was gonna make cookies for my children.
Okay. I'm gonna be the mom that makes the world's best chocolate chip cookies.
Our kids are gonna be fat aren't they.
Great! I'm finally getting into this sailing stuff.
Oh, so you finally took it out of the marina huh?
Why would I do that? It took three guys to get the thing in there!
If you don't sail your boat, what do you do on it?
Oh, it's great! It's a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chips.
Well, it's good that you finally have a place to do that.
Y'know Joey, I could teach you to sail if you want.
Yeah! I've been sailing my whole life. When I was fifteen my dad bought me my own boat.
What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.
Do you know what I was thinkin'?
Nothing, I just like to go like this.
Hey Chandler, what are you doing tonight?
Uh why, do you have a lecture?
Then free as a bird. What's up?
My dad wanted to know if you wanted to play racquetball with us.
Wow! That's great! Dad must really like you, he doesn't ask just anyone to play.
Yeah and he didn't really ask for you, he asked for Chancy, I assumed he meant you.
No, I-I thought it would be more fun this way.
This is so cool, maybe this is something you can do every week.
Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that every week too.
Oh, just so you know, you-you have to let him win.
Oh no problem, maybe I'll play with my left hand.
I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!
No!! Why didn't you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
Because I'm normal! That was the one legacy my grandmother left me, and I know you wanted it as an engagement present.
Oh, we have to get you an engagement present?
No one got me an engagement present.
Okay, here I wish you health and happiness.
This is what happens when you don't register for gifts!
See no-no, I made a batch and I froze it, and this is the only one left.
No! Wait! I think I can figure out the recipe from this cookie! I do stuff like this at work all the time.
Yeah! I bet I can do it.
Okay, we owe you a present.
Look at this clown! Just because he's got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. Get out of the way jackass! Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
What are they doing out here? The coast's all the way over there.
Joey, just ignore the boats all right? We're not finished with the lesson yet.
Okay, I'm just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?
Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let's start sailing, and I want to go over there where that boatload of girls is! Yo-ho-ho!
Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot chickas? Okay, let's do that Sailor Joe. Quick question though, what's this called?
Wrong! How do you get the mainsail up?
No. What do you do if I say we are coming about?
I'd say, come again. No-no, wait I-I-I know this one, I know this one, uh...
Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you sailor?!
Don't just say yes! This isn't a game, Joey you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want to pay attention or do you want to die?!
I want to make a ship to shore call to Chandler.
All right, I definitely taste nutmeg.
You don't? Well, that's the difference between a professional and a layman.
I don't want to talk about it. Y'know, you could've at least saved me a whole cookie.
I can't believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother's legacy is this crumb. I wish you a long and happy marriage.
Well I had a great time! Umm, Chancy on the other hand...
I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
And what did he ask you not to call him?
Daddy. All right look, here's the story. Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. So I take off my glasses and that's when in happened.
Oh my God Chandler! I can't believe it!
You gave my father a lap dance!
Why do they put so much steam in there?!
'Cause otherwise they'd have to call it the room room.
Why? Okay? Why? Wh-wh-why did that have to happen?
Come on, it's not that big a deal!
Not that big a deal? There...there was touching of things.
Now, I know you wanted to bond with my dad, but did you really have to bond to that part?
Listen, I'm sure that dad doesn't care. He probably thought this was funny; he'll be telling this story for years!
I don't want him to tell this story for years.
Oh, but he will. He still tells the story how Monica tried to escape from fat camp.
Then how did you get caught in the barbed wire?
I was trying to help out a squirrel.
You were trying to eat it!
If that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off!
Come on. Hello? I'm sorry you have the wrong number. Okay, I'll call you later dad. I love you.
All right, I'm off to see your dad.
Whoa-whoa, aren't you a little over dressed?
Yeah, and-and you better make sure he tips you this time.
Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face-And by face I don't mean his lap. And by face, I don't mean my ass.
Hey are you getting Monica and Chandler an engagement present?
I don't know. Y'know, they didn't get us anything.
Well hello! So, when are we gettin' back out on the water matey?
Oh uh, I don't know the boat way to say this, but uh never!
Because! You're mean on the boat!
What? I was just trying to teach you.
Well, lesson learned! Rachel is mean!
Yeeeeeep... Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep. I remember when she took out on her dad's boat she wouldn't let me help at all.
Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn't move your arms because you were wearing three life jackets.
You have to respect the sea!
Look Joey, I'm sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to yell at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was horrible. I was just being a good teacher.
Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"
Well, does a good student drink seven beers during his first lesson?
Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?
Yeah, I didn't want you to get hit by the boom!
Well it hit me anyway! And it would've hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
All right, y'know what? I-I'm sorry. I will try to tone it down and uh stop yelling.
You won't boss me around anymore?
Do you want me to learn?!
Okay, here's batch 22. Ohh, maybe these'll taste a little like your grandmother's. This has a little bit of orange peel, but no nutmeg.
Okay. Man, I have not made this many cookies since I was in the ninth grade.
Oh, what was that for? Like a bake sale?
Yeah, but not as good as batch 17.
The ones we had right after you almost threw up.
Oh yeah! Batch 17 was good. I did not like batch 16. I'm okay.
Are there anymore from the good batch? 'Cause we could just work off of those.
Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh... It's batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way!
Okay Joey honey, you're doing really good! All right, now I'm just gonna need you to step to the port side. Remember? Remember how we talked about the port side?
It's left sweetie, but that's okay sweetie, that's a tough one.
I don't know why you just don't say left.
Okay, go to the left. The left!
Okay! Okay, you're yelling again! See that?
No! No-no, no-no-no, very quiet, said with love, no yelling.
Oh, y'know what? Since I'm here, I think I'm gonna have me a little beer on the port side.
Okay Joey, we're luffing a little bit, so could you tighten up the cunningham?
Uh, wow, you just said a bunch of stuff I didn't know there.
Joey, come on! We just went over this!
Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was shaped like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to teach you how to sail a boat! Which obviously is an impossible thing to do!
All right that's it! You're yelling and I don't see you taking your top off! I quit!
What do you mean you quit?! You can't quit!
Because you're not finished yet and I won't have it! Greens do not quit!
Greens? I'm a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis quit!
Oh my God, wait did I-I just said Greens don't quit didn't I? Did I just say Greens don't quit?!
Yes! Yes! You did and you're still yelling at me!
No! No! No! I'm not yelling at you, I'm just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I'm my father. Oh my God, this is horrible! I've been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this comin'. Oh, Joey, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.
Yeah, it's okay. I know what a mainsail is. I know, I know to duck when the boom comes across. I-I know port is right.
Y'know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we're trying to figure out her recipe. I bet she's l-l-lookin' up at us and smiling right now.
Oh yeah-No, she was really nice to me, but she's in hell for sure.
Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
Aww, Pheeb, come on isn't there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that's not happening 'til October 15th, 2032.
That's the day you're gonna die? See-darnit, I've got shuffleboard that day.
Well, I mean what about friends of your grandmother's? Wouldn't they have the recipe?
Well, y'know I may have relatives in France who would know. My grandmother said she got the recipe from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.
Oh, you Americans always butcher the French language.
I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
I understand completely, there's nothing more horrifying than embarrassing yourself in front of your in-laws. As a matter of fact, when I started dating Judy I was unemployed, and her father asked me what I did for a living and I told him I was a lawyer.
What did you do when they found out?
They never did, so if ever see me giving them legal advice just nod along. Shall we?
So I guess we wear swimsuits in here!
Well Joey, I hate to admit it, your way of sailing is a lot more fun.
Yeah, yeah. Hey, why don't you give a pull on that rope?
What you-don't hold it like that! You're lettin' all the good stuff fall out.
Careful! You're wasting good pastrami! Oh my God! I'm my dad!
Well, if we learned one thing today C.H.E.E.S.E. is that cheerleaders and high explosives don't mix.
You can say that again Mac.
Well, I couldn't have done it without you buddy. You're a genius.
Oh yeah? Well then how come I can't get my VCR to stop blinking 12:00?
So, what did you guys think?
Hello? Hold on please. Joey, it's your mom.
It's your mommy. It's your mommy.
Mom, so what did you think?
That was one of the worse things ever. And not just on TV.
Wh-what are we gonna tell him?
Ohh no you don't! You got lighting last time, lighting is mine!
Oh great! That means I'm stuck with, "So, we were watching you in there and you were sittin' right here! Whoa!"
What are you gonna do Pheebs?
I don't know. I don't know. I can't lie to him again. Oh no I-no! I'm just gonna press my breasts up against him.
Wow! Well, my folks really liked it! So what-what did you guys think? It wasn't that good.
Phoebe, do you think that your favorite animal says much about you?
What? You mean behind my back?
Oh! Hi you guys, oh my God! You'll never gonna believe happened to me today! I am sitting in my office and...
You guys! You guys! You're not gonna believe what my agent just told me!
Joey! Kinda in the middle of a story here!
Ooh, sorry. Sorry. You finish, go.
Okay, so anyway I'm sittin' in my office and guess who walks in.
I'm gonna be on two TV shows!
Yeah! Guess who walks into my office is the end of my story. It was Ralph Lauren! Ralph Lauren walked into my office!
Uh Rach, if you're gonna start another story, at least let me finish mine.
Anyway, Ralph just came in to tell me that he's so happy with my work that he wants me to be the new merchandising manager for polo retail.
Still get a discount on wedding dresses?
Well, these really are the days of our lives.
Well, since you ask. They want me back on Days of Our Lives!
I got-I get a big pay raise!
I'll be playing Drake Remoray's twin brother, Stryker!
I get to hire my own assistant!
Well-I got a head rush from standing up to fast right there.
And you were at this job for four years?
Okay, well this is all very impressive Hilda, um I just have one last question for you. Uh, how did I do? Was this okay?
I've never interviewed anyone before. I've actually never had anyone work for me before. Although when I was a kid, we did have a maid, but this is-this isn't the same thing.
No. Yeah, and I know that. All right, well thank you so much for coming in it was nice to meet you.
All right. I'm a total pro!
Wow! H-umm! Hi! Yes, uh I'm sorry the models are actually down the hall.
Actually, I'm here about the assistant job.
Really?! Okay well then, all right, well just have a seat there. Umm, so what's-what is-what's your name?
That's it. That's my whole name.
That's your whole name, okay of course it is! Okay, well let's-let's just have a look-see here.
I know I haven't worked in an office before, and I really don't have a lot of experience, but uh...
Oh come on, what are you talking about? You've got three years painting houses. Two whole summers at T.G.I. Friday's, come on!
It's lame, I know. But I'm a goal-oriented person, very eager to learn...
Okay, hold on just a second. I'm sorry, it's for human resources, everybody has to do it. Could you just stand up please?
Anyway, I should go. Okay, bye.
Hi sweetie. So, what was with all the whispering?
I can't tell you. It's a secret.
Secret? Married people aren't supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
No I'm serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
Really? Okay, so why don't you tell me what happened to Ross Junior year at Disneyland?
Oh no-no, I can't do that.
If you tell me, I'll tell you what Phoebe said.
So, Ross and I are going to Disneyland and we stop at this restaurant for tacos. And when I say restaurant, I mean a guy, a hibachi, and the trunk of his car. So Ross has about 10 tacos. And anyway, we're on Space Mountain and Ross starts to feel a little iffy.
Oh my God. He threw up?
No, he visited a little town south of throw up. So what was Phoebe's secret?
Oh, Nancy Thompson from Phoebe's old massage place is getting fired.
That's it?! I gave up my Disneyland story for that?
That's right! You lose sucker!! Please still marry me.
Chandler, you have an assistant right?
Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
No, I-I just don't know how you decide who to hire. I mean I've got it narrowed down to two people. One of them has great references and a lot of experience and then there's this guy...
I love him. He's so pretty I wanna cry! I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do.
Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don't hire an assistant because they're cute, you hire them because they're qualified.
Uh-huh. No, I hear what you're saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? Look how pretty!
Let's see. Oh my God! Oh... But no! No! You can't-you can't hire him, because that-it's not professional. Umm, this is for me yes? Thanks.
Okay you're right. I'll hire Hilda tomorrow. Dumb old perfect for the job Hilda!
Let me see this guy. W-H-Wow! Don't show this to Monica! And don't tell her about the W-H-Wow!
It's been a while, huh? Wow, it's funny these halls look smaller then they used to.
So! Stryker Remoray huh? When do you want me to start?
Why don't we start right now!
Audition? I thought you were gonna offer me the part.
Well, I was Dr. Drake Remoray, Stryker's twin brother. I mean, who looks more me than me right?
Y'know Terry, I-I don't really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series, with a robot.
I'm sorry Joey that's...that's the way it is.
Well. I guess you think you're pretty special huh? Sittin' up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin' stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y'know what? This is one star who's hoop... This is a star that the hoop-this hoop-I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Hi! Tag. What are you doing here?
I just wanted to come by and thank you for not laughing in my face yesterday. And I noticed there aren't any plants in your office so I wanted to bring you your first... There is a plant in your office.
Right. So I guess I shouldn't put good at noticing stuff on my resume.
Anyway, I'm guessing you hired somebody.
Gotcha. Thanks again for meeting with me.
Yeah! You-you got the job! You're my new assistant!
Me either. Umm, all right, first thing I need you to do is go downstairs and find a women named Hilda and tell her to go home.
Oh it's always nicer to here than, "Aw crap! You again!"
Yeah, tacos! Ever since you told me that story I've had such a craving for them.
Did you not understand the story?
Oh, nothin' much. Just trying to figure out what I'm gonna do for dinner.
Hey-Ooh! What's-what's that, dinner stuff? You making dinner?
What you got over there? Tacos?
No! No. They're umm... They're just uh...ground beef smileys.
Eh, either way I'll pass. I still can't eat those. What's so funny?!
Look, okay-okay I had food poisoning! It's not like I choose to do it! It's not like-It's not like I said, "Umm, what would make this ride more fun?!"
You're right. I mean I'm sorry. Yeah, I shouldn't be laughing. I should be laying down papers for you!
I had too okay?! We're getting married! Married couples can't keep secrets from one another!
Oh really? Well I-I guess Monica should know about Atlantic City.
Well, Chandler and I are in a bar...
Did you not hear me say, "Du-ude?!"
And this girl is making eyes at Chandler, okay? So after awhile he-he goes over to her and uh, after a minute or two, I see them kissing. Now, I know what you're thinking, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with girls, and you're right, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with...girls.
You kissed a guy?!! Oh my God.
In my defense, it was dark and he was a very pretty guy.
Oh Mon, I laughed so hard...
Ho-ho, so hard we had to throw out your underwear again?
Whatever dude, you kissed a guy.
Hey-Ooh, how's Hilda? Is she working out?
Ohh, my new assistant is working out, yes.
Was she happy you gave her the job?
Oh, my-my new assistant has very happy that I hired my new assistant.
Hello? Oh hey! Can you, can you hang on a second? It's the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? Hey, funny you should call. I was just looking over next week's script. Canceled?! Like they're taking it off the air? Ohh. All right, see you Monday. We're not even shootin' them anymore?!! All right, bye! They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
Why would they do that?! It was a good show right?!
You wanna tell secrets?! Okay! Okay! In college, Ross used to wear leg warmers!
All right! All right! Chandler entered a Vanilla Ice look-a-like contest and won!
Ross came in forth and cried!
Oh, is that funny?! Oh, you-you find that funny?! Well maybe Chandler should know some of your secrets too!
I-I already told him everything! You shush!!
Once Monica was sent to her room without dinner, so she ate the macaroni off a jewelry box she'd made.
Ross used to stay up every Saturday night to watch Golden Girls!
Monica couldn't tell time 'til she was 13!
Chandler one time wore my underwear to work!
Ohh, I'm sorry I couldn't think of anymore for Ross!
Ohh! Ohh! In college, Chandler got drunk and slept with the lady who cleaned our dorm!
Whatever dude, you kissed a guy.
How could this happen to me?! Yesterday I had two TV shows! Today, I got nothin'!
Well wait a minute, what happened to Days of Our Lives?
Uh, well they might be a little mad at me over there.
Well maybe I got a little upset and maybe I told them where they could go.
Joey, why would you do that?
Because they wanted me to audition!
Yeah, this is Tag. Tag, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, can I see you for a second?
Oh, you like that? You should hear my phone number.
So you hired yourself a little treat did ya?
All right I know, I know how it looks Pheebs, but I'm telling you...
But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
Yes, I know that. I know that. And I know that hiring him was probably not the smartest thing that I've ever done. But I'm telling you, from this moment on I swear this is strictly professional. Yes?
Cute assistant! What's his story? Is he...
Joey Tribbiani! I'm surprised your big head could fit through our small halls! I gotta go Joey.
Wait! Terry! Wait-Look-Wait I-I... Look, I'm really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I'm too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
Wait! Terry! Please! Look, I just lost my other job. Okay? You have no idea how much I need this. Please, help me out, for old times sake.
This poor guy's been in a coma for five years. It's hopeless.
It's not hopeless! Dr. Stryker Remoray's a miracle worker. Look, here he comes.
Good morning. Drake, it's your brother Stryker. Can you hear me?
Y'know, in my defense, umm there was no glitter on the macaroni and very little glue.
And in my defense, the cleaning lady came on to me!
You have no trouble telling time now right?
I don't know! Time to kiss a guy maybe?! What are you laughing at Pampers?
Y'know when I said that because we're getting married that we should share everything and not have any secrets?
Yeah that was stupid. Let's not do that.
And! We should keep all the stuff uh, we told each other secret from everybody else.
Okay, if you'll excuse me, I-I'm gonna go hang out with some people who don't know the Space Mountain story.
Then, I'd steer clear of Phoebe.
Yeah, and not that you would, but I wouldn't hang out with...all the guys in my office.
I got asked out twice today when I was at lunch...by guys.
Yeah. Did you tell someone that I was gay?
Oh, did you not want people to know that?
But I'm not gay. And I especially wouldn't want you to think I was gay.
I don't think I should say.
Ohh, you can say. Come on, I don't want you to feel like you can't tell me things.
I'd love to ask out your friend Phoebe.
Someone on the subway licked my neck! Licked my neck!!
Oh, my mom called, they're gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we're looking for a good picture of us.
Oooh, I'm afraid that does not exist.
That's not true, there are great pictures of us!
No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who's going like this...
Oh my God! That's the creep that you're with at the Statue of Liberty.
I don't know what it is, I just can't take a good picture.
I know, but look at me all tan.
Hey, why don't you guys go, get portraits done by a professional photographer.
That's a good idea! I bet they have one of those wind machines! Y'know...
Yeah that's great! Next to that, Chandler won't look so stupid.
All right, but I should warn you, I'm not going. I'm going.
And those guys were this close to lettin' us play this time too.
Hey look-look, Phoebe's talking to uh, Cute Coffeehouse Guy.
Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy, we call him Hums While He Pees.
Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom.
Hey you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!
Hey, I thought that guy was married.
He is! But he's getting divorced-Ross! Maybe you know him.
Phoebe, if this guy's going through a divorce, is it such a good idea to start going out with him?
Hey, divorced men are not bad men!
They have that on the napkins at the club.
Oh, I gotta get back to work.
You don't have to be back for a half-hour!
Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on a cracker.
Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y'know you can't date him right?
Oh no, I know that. I know that. Although, we made a joke that we spend so much time together he should call me his work wife.
Soon he'll be able to call you, that lady he knew who got fired.
I am not gonna get fired, because I'm not gonna act on it.
So you wouldn't mind if he was dating someone else?
Why? Is he? He is! Isn't he? He's dating that slut in marketing!
Maybe I should open a divorced men's club.
I could put uh-uh a basketball court in the back.
Oh, well drop and give me ten more!
Uh, I-I had a drink with lunch. Did those cost reports come in?
Yeah, I filled them out last night?
Oh, great could you make me four copies of those?
Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what's up? I'm just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to put in my backpack. Y'know, like dried fruit and granola and stuff. What's up?
Oh, I was gonna talk to him about doing something tonight.
Really?! Got a little crush on Tag there do ya?
Well, we've been flirting back and forth, but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something a little more than that.
Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain't a locker room, okay? But, y'know I remember him saying that-that he had plans tonight.
Oh yeah. All right, back to work.
Yeah Melissa, I don't want to be known as the uh, office bitch, but I will call your supervisor.
Great! That's great Monica! Great! Now, Chandler, you want to give us a smile?
I'm sorry, is the seat uncomfortable?
Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.
Yeah! All right, maybe you don't have to smile. Let's try something else. Let's try umm, try looking sexy.
Hi Joey! What are you doing here?
Uhh, well I've got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. You got an extra one?
Great. You got anything that's not Ralph Lauren?
Yeah, I don't think so Joe.
All right, I guess this will be fine.
Hey, listen umm, what-what are you doing tonight?
How would you feel about taking out my assistant Tag? I'll pay.
Huh, Rach I got to say it's gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.
I'm not asking you to go on a date with him!
Really? 'Cause I could kinda use the money.
Joey, just-just he-he's new in town and I know he doesn't have any guy friends. Just take him to like a ball game or something. I'll really appreciate it.
I know. Let's try a look...of far off...wonderment. Okay, we'll-we'll gaze into our future and we'll think about our marriage and the days to come. Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!" Hey! Don't laugh at him! He's my drowning moron!
That's it! Take it! Take it! Take it!
I like this one. It seems to say, "I love you and that's why I have to kill you."
They can't all be bad. Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.
Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?
Do you really want to pull at that thread?
I'm having a really good time!
Me too! I'm sorry that guy in the subway licked your neck.
Ohh. No that's okay, he's a friend.
Hey uh, I don't mean to be presumptuous but I have these two tickets to the ballroom dancing finals tomorrow night if you want to go?
Yeah, I... Well y'know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I'd just be lost.
I know it's really lame, but I got these tickets from my boss and-Oh no! No! No! My God!
Okay, don't freak out. I'll go.
No it's... Uh, my ex-wife Whitney is out there. I cannot deal with her right now. That woman is crazy!
Okay, I know. Hold on. Hey Ross?
Yeah, umm that's Whitney , Kyle's ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y'know divert her so that we can slip out?
Well okay but I have two tickets to the ballroom dance finals.
Look, I don't think so Pheebs. All right, I'll do it. But just because you're a friend.
All right! I want my key back!
Look, I'm sorry but you-you-you better go Pheebs.
All right, well I just wanted to say thank you though for diverting Kyle's ex.
Oh yeah-No-You're welcome. We'll talk about it later.
Hi Ross! You ready for breakfast?
Kyle's ex-wife? You were supposed to divert her not date her!
Hi! I'm sorry, but can you give me a second while I talk to this woman, who by the way did not spend the night.
Okay. I did divert her and we ended up having a great time! Okay?
Yes! That's where we realized we were both super cool people!
Well look-look, okay Ross, Kyle just told me some really bad stuff about her.
Like she's really mean, and she's over critical, and-and-No! She will paint a room a really bright color without even checking with you!
And! She uses sex as a weapon!
Fine! Thank you for warning me. At breakfast I'll be on full alert for room painting and sex weapons.
You're still gonna go out with her?!
Well, didn't you just hear what I said?!
Pheebs come on! I mean, consider the source! Of course her ex-husband's gonna say that stuff. Now, if you'll excuse me...
No listen to me! She is crazy!
Uh, your door isn't sound proof.
You see? Nothing is good enough for her!
Hi Tag! Hey, so did you have fun with uh, with Joey last night?
Oh yeah! We went to the Knicks game.
Then we went to this bar and he hooked us up with all these women!
Wo-women? You mean like old women?
And I never used to be able to just talk to girls in bars, but I got like 20 phone numbers last night.
That's great! Wow man, so Joey must've really taught you some stuff huh?
See? That's a great smile! Easy. Natural. Now, pretend I have a camera. You're changing it!
All right, all right, all right, all right, you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?
Okay, first-first of all, you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down , look down, keep looking down; then I look up. See? All right, now you try. Look down , you're looking down, keep looking down...
Why is there jelly on your shoe?
So uh, heard you had some fun with Tag last night.
Yeah and you had fun teaching him how to be all Joey.
Hey well, you can't teach someone to be good with women. Y'know, that's why I never had any luck with Chandler.
All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of women thing is!
I just don't want him to meet anybody until I am over my crush-And I will get over it. It's-it's not like I love him, it's just physical! But-I mean I get crushes like this all the time! I mean hell, I had a crush on you when I first met ya!
Did you have a crush on me, when you first met me?
Can you people not see me?!
So, will you talk to him?
Oh, come on! I'll give you ten free Ralph Lauren shirts.
One! No ten! You said ten! You can't take that back!
Hey Joey, you wanted to talk to me?
I don't know. You uh, you got something for me?
Oh, yeah, this is from Rachel.
Ten. Okay. Now Tag there's such a thing as to many women.
Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.
Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!
I don't know, but don't worry, don't worry, because I know how to take a picture now. Okay, see? Look down , look down, look down...
So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?
Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay-and F.Y.I she must've shown Kyle over 30 paint samples before she painted that room! And his response to each one was, "I don't give a tiny rat's ass."
Yeah well, maybe she should've spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bedroom.
Well, I don't think we are gonna have that problem, but maybe that's just because I am not emotionally unavailable!
Well, maybe he wouldn't be she didn't bring the office home every night!
Well, excuse her for knowing what she wants to do with her life!
Yeah well, she certainly knew what she was doing New Year's Eve 1997.
I knew you were gonna throw that in my face!! That was three years ago! She apologized and she apologized! What more do you want?!!
We want the last six years back!!
So do we!! So do we!! I'm sorry you had to see that.
Hi! Thanks, hey so uh what'd you do last night?
Oh yeah? Another night of birdogging the chickas?
No. We had a really good talk. I don't think I'm gonna do that bar scene anymore.
Wow! I did not see that coming.
It's just not really who I am. Y'know, I've always been happier when...Why am I telling you this? You don't care about this stuff.
Oh no, yes I do! I do! I mean, come on go on, you were, you were saying I am happier when uh, y'know?
When I'm in a relationship, I love having a girlfriend.
Uh-huh! Let me ask you something?
Do you believe that there is one perfect person for everyone?
And if that person is already in your life, you should do something about it right?
I'm gettin' back together with my ex-girlfriend.
Hello?! Oh, yeah! This is gonna be a while. Excuse me. Yeah!
Oh, I'm sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how's Whitney?
Well maybe she wouldn't have to be selfish in bed if someone else knew where everything was!
Oh he knows! For the most part.
Oh hey! Good, you're both here.
Well, I went over to Kyle's last night to pick up a few things and we got to reminiscing...
...we talked through most of the night and we realized that the reason we were so angry at each other was because there are still feelings there. So...
We're gonna give it another try.
What about her whining and her constant need for attention?!
Oh right, because you're so capable of change.
Y'know, he hums when he pees!
It makes him miss the bowl, but whatever.
That's all right, we-we don't need you. In fact, hey I'm over it already.
Yeah, and y'know what? I don't give a tiny rat's ass.
I'm sorry. Ugh, Pheebs, you were, you were right about her. Y'know, she did try to use sex as a weapon! Yeah, I hurt my back a little.
Oh. Y'know, he hums while he does other stuff to.
Yeah, were better off without them.
And y'know, even if they break up again, you'd better not let him in your sad men's club!
Hey guys check it out! My mom sent me the paper!
You guys make a very attractive couple.
Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!
Y'know, we don't have to imagine.
Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my maid of honor.
Oh my God! This is it! I really hope it's you!
First of all um, I love you both so much and you're both so important to me...
Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine...
If Phoebe were my maid of honor...
Rachel would be Phoebe's, I would be Rachel's, that way we all get to do it once and no one would get upset.
Yeah that's actually a pretty good idea.
Yeah, I'll do that. So who gets to be yours?
Well that's the best part. Umm, you guys get to decide!
Wh-why is that the best part?
Because then I don't have to!
Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to make a toast, to the future Mrs. Chandler Bing , my best friend, and truly one of the nicest people that...
Excuse me, I-I couldn't help overhearing, you're marrying Chandler Bing?
Aww, and good luck to you too! What a nice lady!
Yep. Hey, what do you say we make it a double feature?
Joey, this is Die Hard 1 again.
Oh, well we watch it a second time and its Die Hard 2!
And it'll be cool to see it again! Yeah!
Dude, you didn't say Die Hard. Is everything okay?
Yeah, I just got uh, got plans.
No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
What are you talking about? Bitch.
Umm, when I get married will you be my maid of honor?
Oh my God Phoebe! I mean I'm just-Wait a minute. If I'm your maid of honor that means you are Monica's.
Oh! Well, if that's what you want...
Ohh! No way Phoebe! I want to be Monica's!
But why does it even matter?!
Why does it matter so much to you?!
Because this one is now! And-and it's two of our best friends! Who knows what you're gonna marry!
What-what if I marry Ross-Or Joey?
You wouldn't! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I've never been maid of honor to anyone before! And I know you've done it at least twice!
And no, oh please, oh please let me finish. Oh I guess that was it.
Okay. Okay. It's-since you've never done it before you can be Monica's made of honor.
Oh, thank you so much! Okay.
I'm gonna marry someone good y'know.
We fell asleep! That is all.
Yeah. Yep. Yeah. All right, well uh, I'd better go.
I think that would be best.
Yeah. All right, I'll talk to you later.
Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today whey I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marrying you and-and then she...she wished me good luck.
No, it's more like a good luck.
So uh, what did this woman look like?
She was like 30, dark hair, attractive.
Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
Come on, was it somebody maybe you dated in college?
No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive... Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
Well, let's see... Okay uh, is that her?
Oh my God yes! Who is she?
Did you break up with her?
No, we're still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
Well, 'cause she came back the third summer and she'd gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow...
I did not say fat! I said, "Fa-aa-aw-ow..."
You broke up with a girl because she was fat?!
Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad?
Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget. Seriously, good luck marrying me.
Phoebe is gonna be Monica's maid of honor!
Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl downstairs, remember?
You have been maid of honor before?!!
See? This is exactly why you shouldn't lie!
All right that's it! I am maid of honor!
Because I cared enough to lie!
Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an audition and see how you'd handle maid of honor type situations.
Like when I want a job, I go to an audition and if I'm the best of the people they see, they give me the part.
Okay, so after this audition, who decides who gets it?
Oh uh, me and Ross can be the judges.
Well, it's better than us deciding.
Oh, come on! This is crazy! Can't we just flip a coin?!
Okay. Okay fine, y'know what? We will let Ross and Joey decide. Hiiiii, Ross! Sweetie.
Wow, this cologne really is every bit as good as Georgio.
Just uh, brought back your videos.
Uh hey look uh Ross, look I think we need to talk about before.
Yes we do! Now look, that was the best nap I ever had!!
I... I don't know what you are talking about.
Come on! Admit it! That was the best nap you ever had!
All right! All right! It was the best nap ever!
I've said it! Okay?! But it's over Joey!
I want to do it again.
Fine! Do you want something to drink?
Chandler! Chandler! I just figured out who you are!
Can you figure out what I'm doing?
Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa.... And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y'know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
No, I know. But y'know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
Because It's The Highest. Situation No.1 You're with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go!
I don't want to marry Chandler!
No, one man for the rest of my life? I don't know if I can do it! This means I'll never get to sleep with Joey!
Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y'know, it's-it's just because of all the anticipation and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don't get to keep the gifts.
Very good! Drawing on your own experience, I like that!
We're now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What do you do? Go!
When Monica was a little girl, I remember that--Ooh!! Ow! Very good!
Wait a minute! She just made a scene in the middle of the ceremony!
Hey! Do you want do you want a little taste of Pheebs?!
It is time for you to give your maid of honor speech.
Ohh, wait a minute, we haven't pre...
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Okay Phoebe, I guess you're next although I really don't see the point.
Okay, I can't believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this day with Rachel while we were showering together, naked.
And she's back in the game.
Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.
It's a nickname, I'll explain later.
Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.
That's why you broke up with me?
You-you-you didn't know that. Well, I guess my work here is done!
All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well, except for Rachel-Damnit!
I'm sorry Rach, it was, it was really close.
Well then I demand a recount!
No! Y'know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was ridiculous-We're gonna flip a coin! All right?! Heads!
The coins have finally forgiven me!
Well y'know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her, her vegetarian, voodoo, goddess circley shower!
Rach, it's gonna be okay! You guys are the best!
Boy I tell ya, that judging stuff took a lot out of me.
Yeah! I was thinking about maybe going upstairs and taking a little nap on my couch.
Why-why would I care about that?
No reason, I'm just saying that uh... That's where I'll be.
As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I'm going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do.
Why don't you just stop doing stupid things? Then you wouldn't have to apologize.
I would really love it if could do both.
All right, I...I have to ask.
Are you gonna break up with me if I get fat again?
Well, you broke up with Julie Grath! How much weight could she have gained?
In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That's not the point.
Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
Well... That's not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with us? You called me fat.
Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different.
You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!
What if I have babies, okay? I mean I'm gonna look different. I'm okay with that, but I'm not sure that you are!
Look you have to realize I don't think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you're Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.
Even if I shrink down to two inches tall?
I'd carry you around in my pocket.
Skidmark's still got a way with the ladies.
Hi! I just want to apologize. I'm really sorry I was a baby.
That's ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once. Oh, you mean today.
Yeah. Yeah, and y'know you-you deserve to win. And-and y'know I was thinking about it, if-if you're Monica's maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a picture of one Halloween where she dressed up as a bride. And look, she made me carry her train, which was weird because I was Wonder Woman. Oh and here's a little purse that I found. Y'know I just thought that maybe they could hold the rings in there.
And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y'know 'cause, people cry at weddings. I'm just gonna grab a couple of these.
Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wanted it to be Monica's something borrowed and it's blue. Yeah...
Y'know Rach, I think that, I think you should be Monica's made of honor.
Because I think it means more to you.
But Pheebs, y'know you earned it.
Its fine. I mean, this is something that you've been thinking about since you were what, 14?
No, I was ten. I just developed early.
Well, we just decided that Rachel is gonna be your maid of honor.
Ohh, wow! That's great! Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we'll get together before work! What do you say, 6:30, my place? I'm so excited!
Yeah okay, you laugh now, but she's gonna be yours.
Dude! What the hell are you doing?! God!
Hi! Oh, how was your date last night?
Oh good. Ahhh! My God, sorry!
Okay, really good. Anyway I gotta go; I'm late for work.
What-what?! You're gonna leave this person with me?!
Yeah-Hey, don't worry, she's a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I'm not looking for a serious relationship; that'd be great.
Just casually slip it in, y'know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I'm a loner-No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn't want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
Y'know what? That's a lot to remember, can't I just tell her you're a pig?
Hey, I'm gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He'd even make the girl pancakes! Plus, he'd make extras and leave 'em for me.
Well forget it, I'm not telling that girl anything. That is not my responsibility.
Fine! Now, where'd we land on those pancakes?
Sorry about that, but I couldn't get that lock to work on the door.
Yeah, Joey kinda disabled it when I moved in.
You must be Rachel, I'm Erin.
Hi. I don't mean this to sound like high school, but did he say anything about me?
...Come on! Why are we here?!
Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y'know-y'know for fun, and I typed mine in and guess what came up? My doctoral dissertation! It's here! Yeah, it's right-it's right down here! In the biggest library in the university!
Oh umm, there's also a book here by a woman named Wendy Bagina. What is that?
Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system.
You didn't bring me here to do that, did you?
She sent the chicken back again?!
She says it's to dry now and she wants to come back here and explain to you exactly how she wants it.
Well fine! I want to meet this chicken expert! Send the Colonel in!
How are you Ms. Hot Shot chef with the big fancy restaurant with the best chicken ever!
Ohh! What is that on your finger?! I'm blind!
OH...MY...GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn't tell her we were getting married, did you?
Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.
Well, she actually has a boyfriend y'know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself to our wedding. Clark too.
Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check's in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can't wait to read your book Ross!!
Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won't be so bad.
What do you think she's just gonna sit there quietly? You don't think she's gonna want to make a toast? You don't think she's gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
Oh my God, she's not gonna like the chicken that night either is she?!
Y'know what? It's gonna be okay. Y'know what? She's probably not gonna even want to come.
No! That was a lie! See how easy that was?
Would it really have been that easy?
Good, so do it Saturday night because we're going to dinner with her and Clark.
Yeah, we ended up spending the day together and had such a great time!
Why wouldn't ya? Erin is great! Then-then there's you guys.
Ohh, listen. I've got to get going. Today was great, thanks!
Bye Joey. Last night was fun.
Yeah. I'll uh, I'll call ya.
Oh and I'll call ya too!
Okay, good to see you again.
So, system kinda broke down huh?!
Oh Joey, I'm sorry I just couldn't tell her all those things you wanted me to tell her. And y'know we got to talking and I...
We want you to marry her!
She is so amazing! You have no idea.
No idea? Who do you think brought her here?
Joey, she's so cool. She speaks four languages.
Man, do you know what guys want!
Look Joey, come on she's so perfect for you! I mean she's sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she had two beers at lunch.
My beers?! Look you guys, she's a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just-I don't see it going anywhere.
Yeah, but you always say that.
Yeah, maybe if you gave this girl a chance it would go somewhere.
Look I'm sorry you guys, I-I just don't think so.
Hey, don't start judging me! Huh? You're the one who's in love with her assistant! Huh? And you, you're the one having the affair with the guy who keeps the pigeons on the roof!
People are doing it in front of my book!
My doctoral dissertation is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students makin' babies right in the middle of the Paleontology section!
Oh my God! Did you get to see anything good?
Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
Yeah, there was. It was-there the corner of the library where-where all these dusty books that nobody ever read-Yes, there was.
Great! Because people kept showing up, I think it's like uh-a thing!
Now hold on a second, fifth floor against that back wall?
All right, so we should go catch our movie.
I like to see the previews. The candy.
Hi! Well, we were just about to take off and see a movie. Oh no!
Oh Phoebe, we forgot that party we have to go to.
Wait a minute! Why don't you guys do something?!
Yeah, look how that worked out.
Excuse me. Hi, I'm a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437?
Well, yes! Just give me five minutes, I just have to find someone to cover my shift.
No! No!! No! Can I speak to someone in charge please?!
Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it.
We are aware of the problem you are referring too. But as far as increasing security, I'm afraid the library is very understaffed. I, I can't help you.
Well, fine. Fine! If-if I'm the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written word, I'll go up there and defend it myself! And don't you follow me!
How did it go with Erin?
Oh, unbelievable! We had the best time!
Yay!! Oh so, you're not, you're not mad at us anymore?
No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y'know? That was so awkward, we were really nervous.
Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that's a...
Oh my God! Listen to you talkin' about having kids. Oh my Joey. Oh, please don't get married before I do.
Oh. Oh I just cannot believe Clark stood me up!
Oh, what are you, stupid? It's been three hours.
I should just go on to happier things, okay? Umm, why don't you tell about your lovely wedding?
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
It's actually going to be just family.
Oh...wait...you two think of me as family?! Oh, I have to ask you something now and be honest; do you want me to sing Careless Whisper or Lady In Red?
How can you say that?! The Mets have no closer!
What about Game 1 of the Series?
You shut up! I love arguing with her. I'll be right back.
So how's it goin' with Joey?
Okay? Wait okay, tell-tell me that you like him, please? I mean tell me that you like him.
Look, he's a really great guy and I know that you really want this to work out, but I just don't see this having a future.
But you said that you liked him! I mean what happened?! Did ya just change your mind?!
I'm sorry I... It's just there's no real spark.
No spark? Didn't you sleep together?
I really don't think he does. And y'know what? Maybe you guys could help clue him in. Y'know, tell him I'm-I'm not interested in a serious relationship or something.
Yeah, you mean like that you're kind of a loner.
Yeah, and maybe that you're a real
Oh well, I guess Italian isn't one of the four languages you speak.
Wow. Well, I guess it was Cupid who brought her here.
No, just a regular old flying dwarf.
Yes? Yes?! How can I help you?
Yeah, we were...we were just looking around.
Oh-oh, you're-you're fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps, perhaps Dr. Chester Stock's musings on the Smiledon Californicus?
Ah... Ah...Get out of here! Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to brush up on Marion's views on evolution?
Uh, actually I find Marion's views far to progressionist.
I find Marion's views far to progressionist.
I'm a professor here uh, Ross...Geller.
Ross Geller, why do I know that name? It's uh-Wait! Did you write this?
Yes! You're the person who checked out my book?!
Y'know, you look nothing like I would've thought. You're...you're so young.
Well I uh, I skipped forth grade.
So how was, how was your date?
Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a milkshake, 70/30 but still... And guess what, I'm thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?
No-no-no-no-no! It's a surprise, but it's gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
Jo-Joey, look honey we-we need to talk okay? Umm, I kinda got the feeling from her today that uh, she's not lookin' for a serious relationship.
Well, she told me. She said she's kinda a loner.
No hey Rach, it's cool okay? Y'know I'm a loner too! Right?
Hey Joey, y'know what? You are way to good for her.
Yeah and honey I promise next time that I will just say good-bye and tell 'em you're not looking for a relationship.
No! No. Don't do that, just next time make sure she really likes me.
I say we go with Careless Whisper.
Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
Well umm, I thought I was going to go back to my apartment but then I just felt I couldn't really be alone tonight. I was wondering if I could maybe stay here with you, just I really feel that I need to be with family.
Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren't they?
Please, it's because otherwise I really don't know what I might do.
Aren't you just a tinsy bit curious?
We'll just...we'll just let her stay.
No-no-no-no, if we let her stay, she will stay forever!
Is that what you're thinking about right now?
I never stop thinking about it.
Hey you guys, umm do either one of you want to get in there before I take my bath.
Janice, I'm sorry but umm, you can't stay here tonight.
Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not.
Okay, I'm going to need a comforter, but did you have a hypoallergenic one because otherwise I get very nasal. Do you have a cat? 'Cause it's already happening. Do you hear that?
Oh my God! Oh my God! You have to go!
Because Chandler still has feelings for you!
That's right. That's right. And that is why you can't stay here tonight. And probably why you shouldn't come to the wedding.
I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.
Oh...my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I'll go. Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of happiness with him. Chandler, you call me when this goes in the pooper.
Don't sweat it, I've got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I've got this little baby to shine in people's eye--Okay, see you later.
I just wanted to show Monica your book.
What, are we keeping Thanksgiving a secret this year?
No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.
Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourteen .
It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose.
Oh, I Got Tired Of Naming States. So I Decided To List The Types Of Celery, And I Have One regular celery.
Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in...vegetables, Joey?
Say hello to the new champ of Chandler's dumb states game.
Wow, how many have you got?
Hey! How is New England not a state? Huh? They have a sports-team!
Does South Oregon have a sports-team? There you go.
How come we have one extra place setting?
Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.
Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... you're food is so delicious and perfect, you can never have too many of those pumpkin things.
Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so fake, but I still do.
Regular Celery! Oh, I already have that.
Oooh that may be a New World's record
You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adults and Joey can't name all the states. Did you ever see a map, or one of those round, colorful things called "a globe?" Hmm?
Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states.
46. Wow! Who's well educated now, Mr. I-forgot-ten-states?
All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!
I am only one man! Okay Ross, time is up!
No, just give me another minute.
Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.
Okay, but if you can't...no dinner!
All right. Don't look at my list, Ross, 'cause there's a lot on there that you don't have.
Hey, did you guys know, that your oven doesn't work?
But the drawer full of take-out menus is okay, right?
Ross, I'm gonna use yours, okay?
Chandler? Can you give me a hand?
Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.
Don't worry, Chandler, it's not a globe of the United States.
Hey you guys I'm gonna go out and take a walk.
Phoebe, why is your bag moving?
What the hell is in there?
It's just my knitting that's all! Yes! I knit this. I'm very good.
Ross's apartment is nice! How come we don't hang out here more often?
I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something.
We left Joey alone with the food! Yep! Yep, I knew it! There he is... feeding stuffing to a dog!
Hi Geller-Bing residence. How can I help?
Phoebe, why is there a dog in our apartment?
Phoebe, there's a dog sitting on my couch!
Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue!
Yes there is! He's black and white and shaggy and he's sitting next to Rachel and licking Rachel's hand.
Oh my god! Where are you?
They're here already? How are they doing this?
Hi Tag! What are you doing here?
I, uh, wanted to see if your offer to spend Thanksgiving with you is still good.
Well, sure! Come in! Well, what-what happened to your girlfriend?
We kinda broke up this morning.
Yeah, so she went back to Ohio.
What dog? There-there's no dog here.
Phoebe, we can hear the dog barking!
No that's just me coughing! Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.
Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is allergic!
Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up!
That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days
Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allergic to this dog?
Well, it still has to go, right?
I have to! Okay? It's time! Okay, I hate dogs.
Are you out of your mind?
They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit.
Right, they are scary. Ahh, she just ate a treat out of my hand!!!
Wait a minute. Do you not like all dogs? I mean, not even puppies?
Look, Chandler, I told you, never tell anyone about this dog thing. It's like Ross not likin' ice cream.
Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable.
And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. Oh my god!!
How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
Damn, I forgot you were here.
All right. We're gonna take Clunkers to Ross's. We'll be back in a minute.
Oh, wait before you guys go, can I just ask you a question?
When a guy breaks up with his girlfriend, what is an appropriate amount of time to wait before you make a move?
Oh, I'd say about a month.
Really? I'd say 3 to 4.
When it's your assistant, I would say never.
All right, Rach, the big question is, does he like you? All right? Because if he doesn't like you, this is all a moo-point.
Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo.
Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?
Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.
Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside.
Yeah? I'm sorry about your girlfriend.
So were you guys together a long time?
A year. On and off. I kinda thought we'd end up together. I don't anymore.
Now that she broke up with you?
It's weird. I always used to assume, that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all that was just a given. But lately it's like what if it's not. Do you ever have that feeling?
No...Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it...it has to work out.
You have all the answers, don't you?
Yeah, I know, I do. I really do.
Hey, thanks for talking to me.
Well, what is a boss for? Hug it out!
All right, he likes you back! Huh? Told ya, you should go for it!
Street noise drowned any of that out? No, all right, I see you later, okay...
What did Joey say? I like you back?
Uh, yeah, well, see, he... Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very insecure about my back and, and...you're hugging me, so obviously you are not repulsed by it, yeah!
Wait-wait a minute; that doesn't make any sense.
No? All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm attracted to you.
Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work together, and-and nothing could ever happen, and the last thing I want to do is-is to freak you out or make you feel uncomfortable. Which is why it would be really great if you said something right about now.
Oh my god! Those guys are stealing my car!
Right there! That's my car! Hey!!
Okay, that's gonna take them a minute. Do you have anything else you wanna get off your chest?
Wait, we still have time to talk and they're-they're not even in the car yet! Oh look, there they go, okay.
Okay Phoebe, we should probably go back now.
Please don't leave me, I'll be lonely.
Stop it. Stop! Okay let's go. We can be strong.
Oh my god! Did you hear that? She said Monica! Oooh, I can't leave her!
You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.
I've had that dog there for three days and Chandler had no idea. He's not so smart.
Yeah, but you kinda knew that something was going on, didn't you?
Hey! What's she doing back here?
Relax, Ross. She's not made of ice cream!
Hey look, Phoebe. I, uh, I laid out the states geographically...
No, no, we don't really have time for this right now. Okay, we have to keep Chandler away from my bedroom.
Yeah, but, but look what I'm...
See, this is exactly what we do not have time for.
Um, in Phoebe's room. You can't go in there.
Monica's crying. She's very upset about this whole Clunkers thing.
Well, I, I should go in there.
No. No, no. She doesn't want to see you right now.
Because you sent away the dog!
Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my dad decides, he doesn't like dogs. So Monica and her friend...Phyllis...take away the dog. And that was the last time we ever saw him. Don't you see? This is just like that. Only with a few details changed.
Okay, I'm in my sweat pants. Bring on the food! What's the matter?
Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away.
So? Bring the dog back, you're a hero.
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
Chandler, it's like a big gerbil.
First of all, Utah? Dude, you can't just make stuff up!
I hate America! When I finish this game, I swear I am moving.
Hey! Tag's still talking to the police.
Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth? I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you. Gee, I-I know that I freaked him out
If you said it like that, you probably did, yeah.
No, no he went for a walk.
Okay, but you cannot tell him... but look whose back!
Oh No-no-no-no-no-no-no! He went over to Ross' to bring the dog back here!
Oh no, the dog's not going to be there!
Please, please, please, don't be mad at me.
Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y'know, for you, and... I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain.
We have good news, look whose back!
That's right, she came back all by herself.
It is so good to see you!
Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in... I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?
Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
Oh, hi! How are you doing?
I'm okay. I gotta go down to the police station and look at mug shots.
Thanks for having me over, you guys.
Tag? Y-You're going? Uh we didn't, uh we didn't get the chance to talk. Uh, so, where did you say you're from again?
Look, um, I think we should talk about what happened on the terrace.
Ah, I-I never should have said what I said. It-y'know what? It just doesn't matter how I feel. I mean we work together, so nothing could really ever happen between us, and what I would love is just to go to work on Monday, and-and never talk about this again, okay? Big day Monday lots to do. So, we're okay?
Oh, god, I know it, that I freaked you out.
No, you didn't. The only thing that freaked me out was you saying that nothing could ever happen between us.
Yeah, so, please don't fire me for doing this.
Okay, well, that's one less thing we have to do on Monday.
You got it. You got Nevada twice.
Okay, let me just straighten out your helmet there.
No-no, one daddy, two mommies. All right, it's all yours.
His first big kid's bike, this is so exciting!
Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and...it bent.
I never had a bike of my own.
Well, we didn't have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
That sounds like my first bike. My dad gave me his old one.
Did the girl ever let you ride it?
No! But she gave me the box that it came in. It had a picture of the bike on the front. So I would sit on it and my step-dad would drag me around the backyard.
Not really, I got to drag him around too!
Hey! What are you guys doing?
Making holiday candy for the neighbors.
I'm gonna hang this basket on the door and when the neighbors walk by they can all take a piece.
But we don't know the neighbors.
I do. There's uh, let's see, Guy With a Mustache, Smokes-A-Lot Lady, Some Kids I've Seen, and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.
See? This is exactly why I'm making this candy. We can learn their names and get to know our neighbors.
Wouldn't it be easier if we just moved?
Eh, somebody's in a good mood!
Well, why shouldn't I be? I have great friends! I have a wonderful job!
Where you can make out with your assistant.
Come on, it's not a big deal! We stayed up all night coming up with a plan so that us dating will not be a problem.
We... We are not... ...going to let it... be a problem.
Wow! It took you all night to come up with that plan?!
Well y'know, we did other stuff too.
Oh Monica come on, y'know I don't sleep with guys on the first date!
Matt Guire, Mark Lynn, Ben Wire...
Hi. Tag, I have a conference call today is that correct?
Okay, thank you. That'll be all. Wait! Wait! Did you see that? That mail guy had no idea there was something going on between us.
I'd better get back to my desk.
Okay, you hard worker! I'll remember to put that in your evaluation.
Well, you've been here for two months now and your boss is required to hand in a performance evaluation. But y'know, there is one thing that I have yet to evaluate.
No, I've just always wanted to do that. Can you help me clean this up?
The basket is totally empty! My God, the neighbors ate all the candy!
Did you eat all the neighbor candy?!
Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
Yeah, and they've been coming by all day. They love it!
They love my candy? Oh man!!! I've gotta go make more!!
Hey Mon, you might wanna make some more lasagna too, because something might've happened to a huge chunk of it.
Ross! The neighbors ate all my candy!!
Mine stole my newspaper! It's like a crime wave!! Pheebs, you uh, you got a second.
Yeah, ever since you uh, told me that story about that bike I-I couldn't stop thinking about it. I mean, everyone should have a-a first bike, so...
Ohh!! Ohh!! And I love you!
Not that way! But the bike brought you a lot closer!
Ah! Well uh-uh, t-take it downstairs, y'know give it a test ride.
Okay! Oh my God! My first bike! Thank you for the best present I've ever gotten.
Oh and Chandler's about to cry.
Don't worry, I'm brave! I am brave! I...I am brave! No-no-no-no!! Can you tell me who is there please?
My name is Gary, I live upstairs.
Hi. Do you know what time it is?
It's candy time! My roommate says that they taste like little drops of heaven.
Oh please! Did you hear that? Little drops of heaven.
So, can I get some candy?
I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! He does not know that I am not some of us.
Umm, listen I am sorry, but I'll put some out first thing in the morning.
Well okay, I'll swing by later. Do you live in this building?
Mm! Seems like I would've remembered you!
So did you read your evaluation yet?
No! It was marked confidential I just sent it down to Human Resources.
Okay please, you're kidding right?! I wrote that one as a joke for you!
Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like your tiney-tiny touchie.
Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote, "Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision," and under Problems with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not," and then uh, then I drew a little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the story, I almost cried.
Almost cried huh? Hear that Chandler? Almost cried!
Hey, you cry every time somebody talks about Titanic!
Those two only had each other!
Phoebe really likes the bike huh?
Oh yeah! I saw her walkin' it down the street the other day. She had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
Yeah, I saw her this morning walkin' it by the park.
Wait a minute, she was walking the bike? Both times?
Hey! So are you enjoying the bike?
Pheebs you uh...you do know how to ride a bike don't you?
Umm, can we see you ride it?
See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And here is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
What happened? I'm just eating candy.
Maybe it's not as bad as I think. Y'know, maybe they didn't take it the way I meant it.
Absolutely! Y'know, because touchie can mean both ass and good worker.
Ugh, I just gotta get the thing back!
That sketch you mentioned? Might it have looked a little something like this?
What is the matter with you?
Boy I tell ya, this little talent came in handy before I could afford porn.
Hi! I'm sorry, I know it's after hours but I really need candy.
I'm sorry, I can't help you. See? Rules are rules.
Please! I have people coming from out of town today! And, I told them all about your candy!
No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell 'em?
I told 'em your candy is absolutely indescribable!
Some people have been saying its y'know little drops of heaven, but whatever.
Please, can't you help me out?
Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
All right, I'll do it just this once! But you can't tell anybody!
Yes! Yes! Please, just give it to me!
It's unbelievable! I-I can't believe that sign didn't work!
Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you?
Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man?
Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you'll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready...Set...
Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat-or a beanbag chair!
Phoebe, you can't get out of this! Okay? You have to learn how to ride a bike!
Why? Why do I have to learn?
Well let there-what if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head and says, "You ride this bike or I'll sh...I'll shoot you."
Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike and-Hey! I'll hold you up and-and push you. Okay?
Come on. All right, here we go. All right?
Doing great! Yes-yes-yes! Take control! Yes!
Oh! Oh! Oh no!! You swore!
I-I just thought you were doing so well. I...
It's a legitimate learning technique. Wow!
Hey, there's uh, some people outside, askin' about candy.
Well, they're just gonna have to wait aren't they? I've only got two hands!!
No! You don't know the system! There'll be nobody messing with the system!
By the way, the week before your wedding you may not see a lot of me.
Look, I-I'm really sorry I let go of the bike.
I could've been killed I hope you know!
I know. I know. But, can we please try it again? Huh? I mean, you were so close Phoebe!
Well, I would love to but...the bike got stolen and the police have no suspects.
All right, y'know what? If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I'm sorry, I'm just gonna have to take it back.
Because! Because, it-it-it's... It'd be like you having this guitar and-and never playing it. Okay, this guitar wants to be played! And-and this bike wants to be ridden and-and if you don't ride it you-you're-you're killing its spirit! The bike is dying.
All right. If you care enough to make up that load of crap, okay.
Great! Great! You're making the bike very happy.
Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we're gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner's office. Now, he doesn't get in until 10, so he's no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
Yeah, well Betty's kinda sad. Which is why I believe I can lure her away with these chocolates. Now, while I distract her, you get in the office.
Hello Rachel, you uh, got a minute?
Yeah, sure Mr. Zelner, for you anything-minute. Okay. Fine. Abort the plan, abort the plan.
Uh actually, I'd like to speak with both of you.
Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some chocolates?
Umm, no. Thanks, but I'll give these to Betty. So I read your evaluation of Tag, or to use his full name, Tag Sweetcheeks Jones. Is something going on with you two?
Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, what would happen exactly.
Well, I'd be forced to file a report. I'd have to consult with the legal department, and your future at the company would be in jeopardy.
Uh Mr. Zelner, I'm the one who filled in that evaluation.
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, I thought it would be funny.
You wrote that you have a cute touchie?
Yes. I have a weird sense of humor, and I'm kinda strangely proud of my butt.
It's kind of a risky joke Tag, and what is-what is this drawing I can't figure out what this is?
You're lookin' at it upside down-y'know what? It doesn't matter.
Yeah, it's not like I don't have a sense of humor, huh? Hell, I even enjoy a naughty limerick now and then. But there's a time and a place, huh?! Unless you uh, have a limerick right now? No? Okay, well uh, you've got my fax number.
Whoa! I can't believe you did that. That was really sweet.
No, you could've lost your job.
Are you kidding me?! With a cute butt like this, I'd find work.
I feel great. In fact! What?
I... It just-it took me so long to get that desk organized.
We're waiting for the candy. Bring out the candy!
Get in here! Hey, and you can not smoke in here! Merry Christmas.
Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
We want candy! We want candy now!
All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I'll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
Hey, if we know it can we have candy?!!
All right, y'know what? Forget it, all of you forget it! You've ruined it! Go home! You've ruined it! You've ruined it!
That's right, it's all ruined! You guys ruined everything! You ruined it!
No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh-are you okay?
I'm fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean, someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.
Oh yeah, sorry about that. Mob mentality or whatever, I don't know...
I can't believe it! I did it! I rode a bike! I never thought I'd be able to do that! Thank you Ross.
Oh hey, don't thank me, thank yourself. You're the one who faced her fears and ultimately overcame them.
Don't be so corny Ross, it's not an after-school special.
Buh-bye. I just got us reservations at Michelle's and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple.
No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it.
Sure! Hey, I just found out, I get Ben for the holidays this year.
Are you gonna dress up as Santa?
Nope. I mean, I know Susan does every year, but I think I wanna take this year to teach him all about Hanukkah.
And maybe I could teach Ben about the Christmas skull and how people die.
You may need to use this year to teach Ben about Phoebe.
Did you know he was in there?
How long have we been home?
Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing?
Hey. Guess what! My landlord just called and my apartment is gonna get ready soon, so I guess I'll be moving out.
Ahh, Phoebe, I'm gonna miss you!
Yes, you will be very sad. All right, well I gotta go tell Rachel the good news.
Ohh! You guys gonna be living together again?
Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him.
Why do you think, she's having so much fun living with Joey?
Really? So she said, she didn't wanna live with me anymore?
No! No, she didn't say that. I-I-I think you should talk to Monica now.
Phoebe, don't worry about it. I'm sure she wants to live with you.
Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does.
Probably? Yeah, I don't like that word. Kind of what 'probably' really means. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y'know? I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!" Y'know? You gotta take care of yourselves! In this world history teaches us nothing!
Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it?
Hey! Great, you're home! Guess what Phoebe got me for Christmas!
Hi, could we get two burritos to go, please?
I'm sorry. But not that sorry, 'cause you don't have to live with it. Um, we have a reservation under the name Chandler Bing.
Oh-kay, we'll have a table for you in about 45 minutes.
Forty-five minutes? We have tickets to the Musicman at 8:00.
I'm sorry. Christmas is a very busy time, sir.
Is this because of the burrito thing?
You need to give him money.
Give him money? It was a joke!
No, to get a table! Places like are always shakin' you down. Everybody wants to be paid off.
Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.
You've got to be smooth about it.
Hey, I can be smooth. Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it.
Had the money in the wrong hand.
Wooooooo, hehehe. Hey, ahh, you don't feel like you're gonna throw up, do ya?
Well, I do, so let's... So, Ben, you uh, you know what holiday is coming up, don't ya?
Yep, and you know what other holiday is coming up?
Yes, but also Hanukkah! See, you're part Jewish, and-and Hanukkah is a Jewish holiday.
Santa has reindeers that can fly!
Right, um, but, on Hanukkah, Hanukkah is a celebration of a miracle. See, years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees.
Okay, that's right, yes, but on Hanukkah, uh, we sing, uh Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Well, how about this year, instead of Santa, we have fun celebrating Hanukkah?
No! Oh, no-no-no. Hey, you weren't bad, you've been very good, Ben.
No, hey-hey, come on, Ben, Santa is not mad at you, okay? Hey, you're-you're his favorite little guy!
It's easy! Just keep it casual! Give him a kind word, shake his hand and give him the money!
How do you know so much about this?
Richard used to do it, didn't he?
We'd be eating our soup right now.
Okay, those people just left, come on! Quick! Give him the money and get their table!
So you like the drums! That's, that's great! Y'know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation. All right, okay, well, apparently not! So, yay!
Hey-hey, Pheebs, check it out, we already learned a song. Ready? One, two, three, four...
Thank you Gunther, put it there. Definitely not easier with coins. Thank you.
Here. Now I only owe you $49.50.
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?
Joey, y'know that you could just not throw the sticks up in the air.
What is Rock 'n' Roll about that?
Hey, Joey, I got you another present.
Oh wait, before you tell me what it is! Okay, what is it?
It's a...tarantula! Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
What are you talking about? I love them! Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool?
Is it on me? I feel, I feel like it's on me! I got, hey!
Oh, isn't that adorable? Joey is afraid of the tarantula.
Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here.
What? Wait-wait a minute, what? Phoebe, what's the matter?
And that makes you angry because...
Because you would rather live here with Joey.
Monica and Chandler said that you were having so much fun here. And apparently no amount of drums or tarantulas is gonna change that.
Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here...
Oh, it's so much more fun with you.
We did have fun, didn't we?
Oh, anyway, they say, if we want, we can see it tonight.
Great, all right, okay, and Monica ask me to make the drumming stop.
Hello, Sir. You're here to return those pants?
Oh. Okay! How can I help you?
Well, uh, do you have a Santa-outfit left?
Two days before Christmas? Sorry, man.
Okay look, do-do, you have anything Christmassy? I promised my son, and I really don't want to disappoint him, um, come on, I...uh, you gotta have something.
I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you a Merry Christmas!
What happened to Santa, Holiday Armadillo?
Santa was unavailable so close to Christmas.
Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from...Texas.
That's right, Ben. I'm Santa's representative for all the southern states. And Mexico! But, Santa sent me here to give you these presents, Ben. Maybe the Lady will help me with these presents.
You're welcome, Ben. Merry Christmas, ooh, and Happy Hanukkah!
Are you for Hanukkah, too? Because I'm part-Jewish.
Because Armadillos also wandered in the desert?
You wanna wander in the hall? Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the festival of lights?
Years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees...
What are you doing here, Santa?
Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?
I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
Did you bring me any presents, Santa?
You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho!
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say.
You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
Thank you, but, but you gotta leave.
Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're wrecking it.
But I didn't get to shape my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
I'm sorry, Chandler but this, this is really important to me.
Fine, I'll give the suit back.
Hey, you think, you can keep it another night?
Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?
Okay Ben, Santa has to go. Say good-bye!
No! Why does he have to go?
Because, if Santa and the Holiday...Armadillo? ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
No! Why can't the Armadillo leave? I want Santa!
Fine, I-I give up. Santa, Santa can stay.
Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees.
Oh wow! Look at this place!
Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they've made so many changes I can't even feel my grandmother's presence anymore-Ooh! New sconces!
Okay, remember uh, remember how you told me that your grandmother put up that wall to make that into two bedrooms?
And remember how you always said you were afraid the landlord would find out and then tear it down?
Do you really not know where I'm going with this? It left! It's one huge room!
Well, I guess we'll just have to put the wall back up.
You can't, because of the new skylight!
So what should we do? Should we start looking for a new place?
Y'know I'm-I'm sensing that um, my grandmother would not be comfortable with that.
Oh yeah? Startin' to feel her again there are we?
Pheebs is your grandmother maybe saying that you should live here alone?
You heard her too?! You have the gift!
Phoebe, it's okay. I like living with Joey.
Oh please, I hate packing, it's closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I'm really gonna miss living with you.
I know. Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I'm gettin' something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
No, I do not hear that.
...and the miracle was that that little bit of oil that should've just lasted just one day, burned for...
That's right, and that's why we celebrate Hanukkah today. The end.
My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt.
The Armadillo was actually not so thrilled about that part! Okay Ben, it's time to light the Hanukkah candles!
Wow! It looks like the Easter Bunny's funeral in here.
Come on, come on, we're-we're-we're lighting the candles!
Okay, I understand why Superman is here, but why is there a porcupine at the Easter Bunny's funeral?
Is it back in the cage?
Joey, would you just come out here and stop being such a baby!
Hey, you have got to try this cheesecake.
Oh, y'know I'm not that much of a sweet tooth. I--Wow. My God, so creamy. Oh my God, this is the best cheesecake I have ever had. Where did you get this?
It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
Chandler, this is not addressed to you. This is addressed to Mrs. Braverman downstairs. Thief.
I-no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box.
Chandler, you stole this cheesecake. That is wrong.
No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, Momma's Little Bakery. I feel terrible, I'm a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
All right, I should get going, big day a work. Y'know I'm in a coma? Today, they do this test on me and it turns out I'm not brain dead.
Ah-ah-ah Mr. Smartie Pants, it's just not my character that's not brain dead. Hey, so Pheebs, we still on for tonight?
Oh, I have dinner plans with Joey. We get together about once a month to discuss the rest of you guys.
Wow, did not know that! May I say how lovely you look today?
Thanks. Oh! So for tomorrow, do you want to rent a car and drive down together or what?
Cousin Frannie's wedding, its tomorrow night.
My God, I can't believe this! I mean I knew that mom and dad were invited, but I thought that was it! I mean from the ages 7 to 9 Frannie and I were inseparable!
Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
Well l-look okay, it's probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Sheryl okay? Maybe you are invited and the invitation just got lost in the mail.
Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y'know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn't have stopped her, there probably wouldn't even be a wedding to go too.
Y'know, she tried to undress me too.
I used to undress my cousin Glenn.
Joseph Francis Tribbiani are you home yet?!!
Umm, I think he's still out. What's wrong?
Well, I'll tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left me this note.
"Pheebs, can't make it, got a date. Talk to you later. Big Daddy." Big Daddy?
Oh that's a nickname we were trying out.
Hey, y'know what nickname never caught on? The Ross-A-Tron!
Oh-Wha-Ho! What are you middle naming me for?! I left you a note!
So what?! That doesn't give you the right to ditch me!
Hey, you can cancel plans with friends if there is the possibility for sex!
Phoebe he's right, that is the rule.
I don't accept this rule. When me make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can't just be a way to kill time 'til you meet someone better! Y'know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this is for life!
Wow! I'm so sorry; I had no idea it would bother you this much.
Okay, can I-can I make it up to you? Huh? I'm sorry. How about uh, dinner tomorrow night?! I'll pay for myself!
Hey Joe, while you're over there how about another beer for the Ross-A-Tron?
Another cheesecake came! They delivered it to the wrong address again!
So just bring it back downstairs, what's the problem?
I can't seem to say goodbye.
Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?
Well I've forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
It was cheesecake. It was fine. It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling... Wow! My whole mouth just filled with saliva!
Y'know what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
Yeah and we'll drop it off downstairs so that we're not tempted.
Good idea. Where do you want to go to lunch?
Joey, that paper's like a year old!
Aw! Does that mean the Sam Goody's sale is over?!
So I finally heard back from Aunt Sheryl and apparently it wasn't a mistake. Ahh, there's-there's limited seating in the hall.
Limited seating?! I am just one tiny person!
Well yeah, but she doesn't know that. I mean, the last time she saw you-you would've turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
Limited seating! Oh, that is such a lame excuse! That's not the reason she's not inviting me!
Oh what's the big deal?! I wasn't even invited to the ceremony, just the reception. And-and y'know what? If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance and then, and then we'll-we'll leave early as a sign of protest.
Yeah, Joan Tedeski my date. She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department. Tall, very beautiful, and despite what some people say, not broad backed!
Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn't invited and you got "and guest?!"
Uh-uh, excuse me, I do have to interrupt on Ross's behalf. I-I think the rule applies here y'know, since she has a chance to get on broad back...
Wait a minute, y'know, you're bringing me!
What? I can't cancel on Joan!
Bec-Did you not hear me?! She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department, okay? They're wild! Why do you want to come anyway?
Because! She's my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We're family y'know? Well that's important to me.
Okay, all right, I'll take you. I'll go call Joan.
Aww that's nice. Family should be there, huh? This is her wedding, happiest day of her life.
What? Wait a minute, I didn't pay, I thought you paid!
So apparently we just don't pay for food anymore. Do you see what I see?
She could be out of town. Maybe she'll be gone for months.
By then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. We don't want her to come back to bad cheesecake.
Because I think I just heard her moving around in there.
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
David the scientist guy, David that I was in love with, David who went to Russia and broke my heart David!
Oh, you say someone's name enough, they turn around.
David! What-what are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be in Russia?
Yeah, I'm just, I'm just in town for a conference. Umm, God you look phenomenal!
Well... Yeah. You look great too. Did you get a haircut?
Yeah. Well I-I got like thirty of them.
Umm, look I-I-I got a confession to make...
Uh, I-I-I was hoping to run into you here. I didn't know whether I should call or not, y'know I-I was only in town for a few days. And y'know, I didn't want to intrude on your life or-or anything like that, but I-I really wanted to see you and-but I didn't know if you wanted to see me.
Well, of course I would want to see you. I...I think about you all the time.
Really? Because I think about you all the time.
I mean, there's a statue in Minsk...
That reminds me of you so much, I mean umm, it-it's actually of Lenin. But, y'know at certain angles...
Umm, anyway...Do you want to have dinner tonight?
I can't. I can't believe I have plans, I can't. Can you do it tomorrow night though?
Uh no, I have to go in a few hours. I have to be on the red-eye. Well listen, y'know, next time you're in Minsk umm...
Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Well, I have plans with Joey tonight.
No he won't. And that's not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y'know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don't have my principles, I don't have anything!
Or! I should rush through dinner with Joey and I can meet David at 9:00!
Oh my God! That is so good!
I'm full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I'll regret it.
Oh it's umm, it's tofu cake. Do you want some?
Oh! Sorry. Uh, I've got those plans with Phoebe, why?
Oh really? Uh, Monica said she had a date at 9:00.
After she gave me that big speech?! She goes and makes a date with a guy on the same night she has plans with me? I think she's trying to pull a fast one on Big Daddy!
Oh here, I think this is us. Yeah.
Limited seating my ass. Let's see who made the cut. Hi!
I'm Monica Gellar. Who do you know the bride and groom?
Oh, I used to work with Frannie.
Used to work with her. Used to! I'm a relative and I didn't get invited! A blood relative! Blood!!
So, how about you huh? How do you know the happy couple?
We went to college with both of them and now we live next door.
Yes! I will have the green salad, umm the house salad, and water's fine.
Yeah, this slow roasted salmon, just how slow are we talkin' here?
It's uh, it's already been roasted.
Ohh, then no. Maybe I should hear those specials again.
Oh Joey, we've heard the specials three times! Okay? There's prime rib, mahi mahi, and a very special lobster ravioli.
Actually we're out of the lobster ravioli.
Oh well, that changes everything! Y'know what Pheebs?
You were right before. I mean, friends are so important.
Yeah, I'm very wise. I know.
Is to have a long, long talk. Y'know? Get Joey out on the open road and really open him up.
Yes! I will have the lobster ravioli.
God Joey, this is taking forever!
W-w-I just-it's that-I have-y'know I have-I have an appointment. And it's very important.
A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn't schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
Come on Joey, don't make me feel badly about this.
No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
That-It's not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he's very special to me.
Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!
Well, she graduated from high school!
Okay, whatever. Y'know what? I don't have time have time to convince you because he's only here for four hours, and I'm gonna go see him!
What are you still doin' here?! I told you, lobster ravioli!
Hey! Oh, I was just about to leave. I-I-I-I didn't think you were coming.
Well, I'm very glad you're here.
Oh, you're such a gentleman. Come on! We're going to my place!
Are you eating the cheesecake without me?!
I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are desert stealers! We are living outside the law!
Y'know what? I don't trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I'm takin' it back!
You think I trust you with it?! No! We're gonna split it! You take half and I take half!
Well that's not fair, you've already had some!
What? Oh, well then y'know what? I think Monica would be very interested to know that you called her cheesecake dry and mealy.
What do we use to split it?
Okay! All right, pick a half.
Okay well, this side looks bigger. Uh... There's more crust on this side. Y'know? So, maybe if I measured...
Oh for God sake just pick a piece!
All right, I'll pick that one.
That's also the smaller piece. Okay, there you go. Enjoy your half my friend, but that is it. No sharing. No switching, and don't come crying to me if you eat your piece to fast. Oh!!!!
Okay, you gotta give me some of your piece.
Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don't come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my...
Yes, yes it is. It's uh... Every time on the lips! Why?! Why on lips?!
Here's Frannie. Hmm, won't she be happy to see me?
Now wait a minute, you be nice! All right? I didn't bring you here so you can ambush her.
Frannie was the one who found your Playboys and showed them to mom.
Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
You invite my brother, you invite my whole family, and not me?! Why?! What-Why wouldn't you want me at your wedding? What could I have possibly done?! Stuart!
I believe you know my husband.
So it's really a question of who could you have possibly done.
Oh, I hate this but I-I-I have to go. I-I can't miss my flight.
Are you sure? I'll bet there's another flight to Minsk in like...
That's really beautiful. What does it mean?
Please, clean my beakers. I don't get out of the lab much.
That's good. I got to admit, I thought it was something else.
Yeah, I... Well I really actually wanted to say umm, that, but um, I figured I probably shouldn't because y'know, I...have to leave.
You're right! You're right. Don't say it.
Okay, now's not the time Joey. All right? You can yell at me tomorrow.
No! No! No Pheebs, I'm not gonna yell at you. I just y'know, started thinking about you and David and I...remember how bummed you were the first time he left. And I just... Oh Pheebs, come here. Are you okay?
No I'm not okay. The only guy I've ever been crazy about has gone to Minsk and I may never...I may never see him again.
Hey, y'know you could always visit him.
Oh right, like they're gonna let me have a passport.
Anything I can do? Whatever you need.
Well-But-Now, if-if you can achieve positronic distillation of sub-atomic particles y'know before he does, then he can come back.
I can give it a shot.
Oh! Yay! Look! There's a piece that doesn't have floor on it!
All right, what are we havin'?
Oh wait I forgot my wrap.
Give us a kiss. Come on! Come on!
Ross, when's this comet thing start?
Well, technically it seven billion years ago...
Okay! Okay! Fine, I'll stop! No teaching, okay? We'll just watch the pretty light streaking across the sky. Okay? Who's official name is Bapstein-King.
There it is! Oh, look at that! Isn't Mother Nature amazing?
Well, all right. 1700 bags of peanuts flying that high, that's pretty amazing too.
Hey, I wonder if you can see my apartment from up here.
Man, look at all those stars! Infinite space. It really, really makes you wonder, doesn't it?
Y'know what else makes you wonder?
Check out the rack on this chick!
Okay, we've been out here for two hours and we haven't seen any stupid comets. Can we go now? I mean, Chandler's getting chilly.
Then why are you wearing Monica's jacket?
Because it's flattering! Come on Monica! Come on Monica!
Yeah actually, I think we're gonna take off too. We rented a movie.
Oh! I won't say, 'no' to a movie!
Uh Pheebs, we just actually kinda wanted to be alone.
Shh! Get me out of here.
No! No-no. Look, there's a bug stuck in tar right here.
Joey come-I can't believe-I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature's most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman!
Joey where's the pipe that was holding the door open?
I don't know! Yeah, I do.
What?! All right-Hey! Don't look at me! You're the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid Burger King comet!
It's called the Bapstein-King comet, okay? Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer!
I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what's going to happen to you if you wake me up.
Sorry, I just...can't sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like...
It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
Please don't be a space ship. Please don't be a space ship. Oh thank God! How could you be beeping?! I just disconnected you! I took out your battery! How can...
All right well, y'know...I guess we know what we have to do to get down.
Yeah, I guess we don't have a choice. Help us! Please help us! We're stuck up on the roof and we can't get down!!!
Ross. I was thinking we could just go down the fire escape.
I know, I wasn't finished. But don't worry! We're gonna go down the fire escape!!
Shhhhhhhhh!!! I'm sorry, I thought maybe I'd make some warm milk and it would help me sleep.
With a wok? I thought you were going to read my boring book to put you asleep.
It got interesting! Damn you Oprah!
Here, let me make the milk, I'm up anyway.
Hey, y'know what we can do? Y'know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y'know like we did when we were first going out. It'd be fun!
Okay that does sound like fun.
Okay, so how bummed were you when the second sister died huh?
No. No, I-I was, I was talking about the book I was reading.
The second sister dies in Archie and Jughead Double Digest?
You wanna go in the bedroom? It's a little more comfortable.
Okay. Oh wait! Umm, did you send those contracts to Milan?
If this is your idea of sexy talk?
No seriously, y'know the contracts I gave you, did you overnight them?
Okay please tell me that this is just one of your jokes that you do that I don't get.
Y'know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? Tag! I'm serious! This isn't funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
Rach, I'm sorry, but you didn't give me any contracts!
Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn't want to seem to bossy.
I'm telling you, you never gave them to me.
Y'know what Tag, if we went down to the office you would see those contracts sitting on your desk.
No, I would see you looking embarrassed because they are not on my desk!
Or maybe you would see me looking embarrassed because you are talking on the phone with your crotch!
You wanna go down to the office right now?
No! Come on its late, we're not gonna go down to the office.
Okay I understand. I wouldn't want to be proved wrong either.
Okay get your coat! Oh! When did you unhook this? Nice work!
All right, it won't go down any further. It's stuck.
Ugh. Well, we're just gonna have to jump. Yeah. Now, we're gonna have to make sure to land to the right of that patch of ice, okay? Not hit the dumpster on the other side and uh, and try to avoid that-that weird brownish red stuff in the middle. So, when you get down there...you go up to the roof and you let me in.
Oh whoa-whoa wait a minute! I have to do it?!
Yeah! Oh yeah, you'll be fine! It-it'll be uh, just like bungy jumping. Y'know? But instead of bouncing back up you-you won't.
What if I smack my head on the concrete?
Well, I'm gonna lie to you Joey, it's a possibility.
I don't know Ross! I-I tell you what, let's flip to see who does it, okay? You-you call it in the air, all right?
Oh, all right. Tails! Can you-can you see what it is?
What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I'm not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can't go if I break my leg.
Well I'm jumping! I have a son! Okay? He won't have a father if-if I die!
Well all right so, it looks like we're even!
Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here. Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do... Well done, Pheebs. What do you want from me?!!!!!!!
Okay, here's your milk. What do you want to talk about?
Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I'm sorry. Here.
Okay! Feel free to look, but I'm telling you those contracts are not on this desk.
Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I'm talking about! You have to be organized! You've got newspapers! You've got magazines! You got-Ohh! And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y'know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk.
So when do you imagine you gave them to me? In the morning or in the afternoon?
In the afternoon. Mr. Zelner came into my office after lunch. He put them on my desk, and then I put a Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today." So you just keep looking in there! All right?
Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don't you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there?
How could I have left them in the copy room?
I don't know Tag! How can your genitals make phone calls? Okay? It's not a perfect world! Just go please.
Thank you. Hello? I still don't get it.
You do know that was me who just said that right? Hey. As long as we're both up...
Yeah? I hope you're not thinking about cleaning the living room.
Man, I'm starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both!
Y'know, y'know I'm lookin' and I don't think anyone's home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y'know explain later.
I don't think so. Hello? When you get in there...
Okay, this is where you and I part ways. Noisy bitch!
Do you know what just happened?
Yeah. We-we had sex and then we fell asleep.
No. We were in the middle of sex...and you fell asleep.
Nooo! No, that's not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked me world!
I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
Okay. Okay, I'm ready. Come on big fella!
Yeah! No! No! No! Don't fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. And I probably won't spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor.
Hi! I got you some coffee. To, uh... ...fair enough. So! Do you got anything for me?
Oh my God! Did you check your entire desk! Did you check all the drawers!
Do you want me to check again?
Well yeah, I wish that you would. Well, no it's not in there! How about that drawer?
Well, it's not out here. Is there any chance it could be in your office?
Y'know, I don't-I don't know. Let me, let me check.
Can I see you in my office for a minute?
Yeah? You found them!! Y'know what? I'm not even going to gloat. I'm just really relived this whole thing is over.
You put these on my desk!
Oh really? So you're saying they just slid out of your bottom drawer, crawled across the floor, then jumped on to my desk?!
How did you know they were in my bottom drawer?
I am so hot for you right now.
Oh my God! How did you get back here?!
Fire alarm? Oh! Hi, officer-fireman, can-can I help you?
We found your fire alarm in the trash chute.
The next time you want to dump a fire alarm in a trash chute, don't wrap it in a blanket that says, "Property of Phoebe Buffay not Monica."
Okay do you-Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!
Please reattach this, it's against the law to disconnect them.
Fine! But please God; tell me how to stop them from going off!
There's a reset button under the plastic cover.
There's a reset button?! Ugh, thank you! Thank you! There's a reset button! My God! Why didn't I see that! Reset button, reset button, where is there a reset button? Oh here it is! Oh! Ohh, God!
Okay, do-do you have a good grip?
Okay, I'm going to start climb down you now.
Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we're face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we're-we're butt to face.
Oh my... How much do you weigh Ross?!
I prefer not to answer that right now, I'm still carrying a little holiday weight.
Y'know, when we talked about face to face, I don't think we thought it all the way through.
So what do you want me to do?
Well, just shimmy down me and drop!
M-maybe I should hang and you can climb down me.
Yeah? Maybe we should talk about that for a little while!
It's not that far! Just drop!
Ross, you should know that my pants are startin' to come down and I'm not wearing any underwear!
Oww!! My ankle! I really hurt my ankle! I think I twisted it when I-Ooh, a quarter!
That really was some of your best work.
Hm-hmm, I told you! I can't believe that I've only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
I have to be up in seven minutes.
Well, you're not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes...
Okay! You get the vacuum cleaner and I'll get the furniture polish!
Well, y'know I was thinking of moving the couch over here.
Why would you want to do that?
So that there will be a decent place for me to sit.
Rach, there is a decent place to...
And your lap does not count! Okay? Come on help me move this.
As in Rosita does not move.
Joey, it's just a chair! What's the big deal?
The big deal is that it is the exact equal distance from the bathroom to the kitchen and it's at the perfect angle so you don't get any glare coming of off Stevie.
No! Oh what does he know! Come on Rosita, us chichas got to stick together! You bitch!
Hey, y'know what's weird? After you guys get married, when you introduce me to people you're gonna have to say, "This is my brother-in-law Ross." Not, "My friend Ross," "brother-in-law Ross." That's weird isn't it?
Couldn't I just say, "This is Ross?"
Hey Ross! So, I was checking out the uh, real estate section...
Oh, it looks like mom and dad's house. Oh, it even has a tree with a broken limb out front and the uh, the window in the attic is...Oh my God!!
What? What happened to the window in the attic?!
I can't believe mom and dad are selling the house!
I can't believe they-they didn't even tell us!
I can't believe I still don't know what happened to the window in the attic!
Uh, hello dad! Monica and I just saw the house in the paper! Yes we're surprised! Who did you leave a message with?
Joey, Joey I am so sorry.
I told you not to move it! Rach, how would you feel if say, I wanted to move you mom, and you said don't, and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
Okay, come on-Joey, I'll buy you a new one! All right? We'll go down to the store right now and we'll-we'll get you a new chair.
But don't you think Rosita would've wanted you to move on? I mean y'know, she did always put...your comfort first.
Yeah, I... I don't want Stevie to see her like this.
I can't believe we have to say goodbye to the house we grew up in. Man, some-some stranger's gonna be living in my room.
Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it's time the velvet ropes came down.
They kept your room for a while.
Oh please! Dad turned my room into a gym 20 minutes after I moved out! I gotta say, a tanning bed and a stack of Victoria's Secret catalogues, not a gym!
Come on, you know they love you.
As much as they love you?
I was their first born! They thought she was barren! It's not my fault.
Well okay, it's already February and I've only given two massages and they were both the worst tippers in the world!
Hey, y'know if you want to pick up some extra cash? Some friends of mine made good money doing telemarketing.
Oh that's a great idea. You're really good on the phone.
Yeah and yeah, and it would probably be better than the last telephone job I had. Y'know, I probably wouldn't have to say spank as much.
Oh yeah, like you never called!
So basically this is very easy. You read from the script and try to sell as much toner as you possibly can.
Okay, I can do that! Oh, by the way, I love my office.
Why don't we do a trial run.
Oh okay. Umm, all right. Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?
Umm, okay I would like to talk to you about your toner needs.
Oh okay, well I'm sorry to bother you. Bye-bye. Yeah you're right, this is easy.
Okay, what was wrong with that call?
Oh well, all right...um, no offense, but you were kind of rude.
They're always going to tell you they don't need toner, but that's okay because whatever they say, you can find the answer to it here in this script.
So, I think you're ready to sell toner, do you have any last questions?
No. Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
Joey! Joe! Full bag. Beer's still cold. Something terrible must've happened here! Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! Stevie, I was never here!
Hi. God, it seems like just yesterday you guys used to come out to watch me work.
Dad, we-we can't believe you're selling the house.
Well, it's time for a new family to start their memories here and hopefully their check will clear before they find the crack in the foundation and the asbestos in the ceiling.
Let's grab our stuff and get the hell out of here.
I'm sorry we can't store your childhood things anymore.
Oh, that's okay, I can't wait to see everything again! All of the memories...
Well, I don't know what's in the boxes down here, but I do know there are six or seven Easy Bake Ovens in the attic.
I used to love to play restaurant.
Yeah, not as much as you used to love to play uncooked batter eater.
Hey, it is unreasonable to expect a child to wait for a light bulb to cook brownies!
So, I think you're boxes are over here.
Wow! Great! Wait, dad who-who's cigarettes are these?
I don't know. They-they must be your mother's, but please, please don't ask her. I'll throw these away.
Cool! Dad! My report cards! Hey, check this out dad, Math, A. Science, A. History, A. Gym... Oooh, my rock polisher!
Oh look, look there's your old makeup kit!
It's a clown kit! Clown kit!
Well, the white seems to be untouched. Uh-oh.
Y'know how the garage floods every Spring?
How are you ever going to sell this place?
I think I accidentally used Monica's boxes to keep the water away from the Porsche.
Oh no. Dad! Dad! What... Oh God...everything's ruined! Dad, she's gonna be crushed!
You don't secretly smoke do you?
So it's just your mother then.
Hi, this Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please? Earl, thanks. Hi Earl, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies I'd like to talk to you about your toner needs.
I'm hearing what you're saying, but at our prices everyone needs toner.
You wanna know why. You wanna know why?
Okay, I don't need any toner because I'm going to kill myself.
Umm, is-is that because you're out of toner?
Okay, so...no toner today. Thanks anyway, bye-bye.
No-no wait-wait! I can't just let you hang up! Just please talk to me.
Well...I Only Have One Thing To Do Today. I guess I could push it back.
Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?
It's just that I uh, have been working for ten years now at this meaningless, dead-end job and nobody here even knows I exist!
No look, I-I'm sure that people know you exist!
Oh yeah? I work in a cubicle surrounded by people. I've been talking to you for five minutes now about killing myself and no one's even looked up from their desk. Hang-hang on. Hey everybody! Uh, I'm gonna kill myself! I'll get back to ya. I got nothing. Wait. Uh, hey Marge! Ehh, nothing. Nothing.
My chair. Now, if anybody asks, your name is Rosita!
Because, I know what I like and what I don't like! It's not the same thing!
Well look, if you don't like this...
I don't know why you say that so soon.
Come on Joey, I just bought you a new chair! The most expensive one in the store! Hey, y'know what I was thinking? We could name her Francette.
Francette? What is she? A couch?
Poor thing. Cut down in her prime.
Joey, the new chair will be here in an hour. Maybe we should actually move Rosita out of here. Y'know, start the heeling process?
Well, I guess you're right. Maybe, maybe I'll take her down to the incinerator. It's gonna be so said, and kinda cool. She's heeled!
No it's not weird, it's a miracle!
It's not a miracle Joey! I'm sure there's some explanation.
Oh there is! If you want something enough and your heart is pure, wondrous things can happen!
Can you tell me how this happened?
No, y'know what? Maybe somebody came in here and fixed it! Or something!
That's right Joey, the chair angel came in and heeled your chair.
Get your non-believer ass outta my chair!
Well, she'll understand right? It's not like I did it on purpose.
Dad that won't matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all her is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her.
Oh my God, does she really thinks that?
Well I don't know, I-I suppose we may have favored you unconsciously, you were a medical marvel! The doctor said your mother could...
Dad, dad I don't want to hear about it.
Well, not right now. Okay look, Monica came here for some memories and damnit, we're gonna give her some! Okay, grab...grab some empty boxes. Okay? We'll-we'll take stuff from mine and whatever we can pass off as hers we'll-we'll put 'em in their.
Like uh y'know like this! This! She-she could've made this!
Right? And this! She-she could've won this!
Your make-up kit? I'd feel better.
I am so psyched I kept this chair for myself!
Hey, how's...how's the uh, miracle chair?
Yeah? Wow! Y'know, that this thing has speakers in the headrest!
Yeah! You can hook it up to your TV and you get radio!
Earl, you're not hearing me! All I'm saying is that you're not alone all right? Everybody hates the people they work with!
Wait, what was that? That sounded like someone being nice to you.
No! That's just the "Hey Guy" guy. He says that to everybody! He's the worst! I'd like to take him with me!
All right so Earl, let's just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there's gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
Okay, I should, I should probably be getting back to my thing now. See ya.
No! I'm not finished yet! Don't! Don't you dare hang up on me!!!
Hey, I just whipped us up some Easy Bake treats, they should be ready in about three days.
That's a good one! Do you hear that Ross? Three days!
Yeah! Yeah! Oh, this will make a great memory.
Okay. So, which boxes are mine?
Well, these. These are yours right here.
Yeah. Yeah, oh you loved that thing. You always had it with you. You never went anywhere without-without that coloring book.
Really? Wow! It looks like I had some trouble staying inside the lines.
Oh, yeah you loved that glove! You took it every place you went. You never went any place without that glove.
Wow! Look At This! I Can'T Believe I Even Fit Into This Shirt! Oh, this is yours.
Oh, I don't know how that got in there.
This isn't mine. Hey, this isn't, this isn't my stuff! Ugh, Ross! These are your boxes! Where are my boxes?
Well, the garage flooded sweetie and it ruined everything in your boxes. I'm sorry.
So why-why wasn't Ross's stuff ruined? And if you say the words medical marvel I'm going to Easy Bake your head!
Well, I used your boxes to divert water away from the Porsche.
So wait, Ross's stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!!
There was also leaves and guk and stuff.
How would you like to sit in a chair that fully reclines, has a rolling massage, and speakers in the head rest?
Yeah, I'd love to but I've tried that so many times they won't even let me in the store anymore.
Well what if I told you, you can do it in my apartment?
Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year?
I just purchased the La-Z-Boy E-cliner 3000.
That's awesome! That's great! What made you do it?!
Well, it's a long story, but umm I broke Joey's chair...
I thought I broke Joey's chair! That's why I replaced it with mine!
Ohhhhh. That's how it got fixed!
Well, what did you think, that-that elves came in and fixed it?
Well, it looks like it wasn't heeled after all! Yeah! So, I guess this chair is mine now!
Yeah, he thought he broke your chair so he switched the chairs!
Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I'm so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
Uh-huh! Nice try, but you don't get that chair anymore! All right? That is my chair now! You can sit on my lap! No I take that back!
I think I should get the chair!
Because you broke a chair and you broke a chair! The only one around here that hasn't broke a chair, is me!
No-no-no! This chair's not going anywhere.
Well, where's the logic in that?!
The logic is, that there are two of us and we are both strong enough to break a chair in half!
So Joey breaks my chair and I get nothing!
What are you guys? Like a gang or something?!
Excuse me! Can you tell me where I can find Earl? He's the supply manager around here.
Sorry, I don't know any Earl.
Phoebe? The lady who sells toner?
Umm, look it, you-you can't kill yourself.
Look, um I really appreciate your coming down...
No-no I can't! I can't let you do it!
Because it was fate that made me call you today!
No! Think about it okay? This isn't even my regular job! Okay? And my first day on the job, you're my first call! And-and somebody else might've hung up on you, but I wouldn't do that because I know about this stuff. My mom killed herself.
I'm not gonna give you tips! Look don't you see that this-this...this all came together so that I could stop you from doing this.
Couldn't it just be a coincidence?
It doesn't really seem like enough to be fate.
Oh. Well umm, okay here's a weird thing. My mother was also a supply manager.
Oh my God! So was she! And! Get this, okay? Your-your name is Earl, right? Her name was Pearl, P-Earl.
Sure! Umm, where are you from?
Oh my God! So was she! Oh, I've got-I've got goose bumps.
Well, y'know I'm wearing layers and it's warm.
But if-no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!
Did you hear that?! I don't need you guys to care about me! Because the universe cares! The whole universe! I really wished they'd care just a little bit though.
Y'know, I don't-I don't think it's you. This is a freaky place. Hey! Guys! Oh no, it's you.
Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this. It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don't even know what it is! Ohh, it's still soft. What do you think this is?
All right. I think it was a mouse.
How do you think I am?! You've wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!
Sweetheart, we love you just as much as Ross! Now, I'm sorry about everything that happened and I'd probably never be able to make it up to you, but here's a start.
It's the key to my Porsche. Well, the key to your Porsche.
I've been thinking about getting rid of it. I was driving it the other day and saw my reflection in a store window. Your mother's right, I do look like an ass.
Wait, you're giving me your Porsche, you're kidding me right?!
Well w-w-w-w-wait, w-wait, wait, wait a minute! I mean a couple of stupid boxes get wet and she gets a Porsche?!
Why don't we take it for a spin?
Well, what about me?! I'm a medical marvel!!
Do you guys know what happened to Chandler's barca lounger?
Oh yeah, Joey broke it. Had to get rid of it.
Are you kidding?! I get a Porsche and the barca lounger's gone?! This is the best day ever!
She's not as pretty as she was when she was 29.
Ms. Green would like to establish some ground rules before she comes out. She would appreciate it if you don't use the words old or downhill or they still look pretty damn good.
Rachel! Come on out! Monica made breakfast!
They all came from the list you handed out to us two weeks ago.
Well, can I keep the presents and still be 29?
Come on Rach! Look, turning thirty is not that big a deal.
Oh really. Is that how you felt when you turned thirty?
Why God?!! Why?!! We had a deal!! Let the others grow old! Not me!!
Y'know, I'm still 29 in Guam.
Hey, 30 is not that old! Do you know how old the Earth is?
Late thirties? Oh come on you guys! Is it just me? Am I overreacting to this?
No Rach, it's not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn't that much fun.
And now Chandler! We're all gettin' so old! Why are you doing this to us?!
Rach, you're in a great place in your life. Come on, you've got a great job! Good friends...
Yeah, you're roommate is a soap opera star.
Look, y'know I know my life's going pretty well, but I look around and I just see so many people who've accomplished so many other goals by the time they're thirty.
Yeah, but you shouldn't compare yourself to me.
Come on Phoebe! You can do it Phoebe! Come on!
I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That's it!! That's everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean.
Thirty. Ugh, I mean thirty! Monica, do you remember mean, old Mrs. Kreeger in the fifth grade? She was thirty!
Come on, let's have some fun. Huh? What do you want to do today?
Nothing. I don't want to do anything.
Well, doing nothing on your thirtieth is better than doing something stupid, like Ross.
Hey! That was a practical purchase! I needed that car for transportation! Okay? I-I have a child!
How hot do I look in this, huh?!
Ross, a sports car? Wouldn't it have been cheaper to just stuff a sock down there?
That's not what this is about okay? I-I am a sports car enthusiast. I have always been into cars.
Hey, what's the horsepower on this thing?
I don't know, but-but look how shiny!
I can't believe you bought this.
Really! God Ross, what were you thinking? I know it's really shallow, but a part of me wants him again.
Oh, well get in line missy. So, can I have a ride stud?
Hop in. Get ready for the smoothest ride of your life.
Y'know what? I am going to do something today. I'm not just gonna sit around like some old lady. I'm gonna get something pierced. Like my uh, like my nose or my tongue or something.
So what?! Y'know what? The way I see it--Ow! Son of a bitch!!
Look Rachel, I know what you're going through. I'm totally freaked about turning 25.
Get out, get out of my apartment.
All right Rach, for what it's worth, I think that you're doing great. I mean y'know let's face it, no one handles this well.
Weren't you asked to leave sonny?
Would you put that back on?! Monica's gonna be here any minute!
But it hurt's my Joey's Apple.
Okay, for the last time. It's not named for each individual man.
You've done a wonderful job with this party Chandler. Everything looks so lovely.
Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can't believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! And you! I can't believe that you would have a tux that's thirty years old!
It's older than that. Ross was actually conceived right near this tuxedo.
Hey! Everybody hide! Hide! I saw her! She's coming!
Okay! Okay! Everybody down! Everybody down!
Okay, everybody stay here. I will find out what's going on.
Heyyy!! You got the door open!!
Nooo! Okay. Whoa! Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning thirty. So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. I wanna puke on you later!
Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
Oh no! My parents have never seen me drunk! That they know of.
Okay, here's the thing. We're gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that you're drunk.
Yeah, I'll take care of it.
Okay. I love you so much.
Okay we have to do something about your breath.
That's still yours. Okay, now remember it's a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised.
Okay, forward. Forward-Stop! Okay, back-Stop! Okay, forward-Stop! Stop! Stop!
Ross, just forget about it. This guy's got you totally wedged in.
Dude, you soooo need this car.
Okay. Okay, here's what we're gonna do. Okay, I'm gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go. Haul ass!!!!
Happy thirtieth birthday! Here! It's for the child in you, and the woman. Happy thirtieth!
Right, why do you keep saying that?
Yeah, no we're not thirty. We're 31. Okay.
Yeah, we're not thirty, we're 31.
Yea-huh! That's what is says on my birth certificate.
Yeah, I got a big box of family stuff when my mom died.
Do you have my birth certificate?
No, I sold it to a Swedish runaway.
Oh my God! Oh my God, we are 31.
I just lost a whole year of my life.
Well, I never knew mine. Do you remember what it is?
Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress.
Happy birthday, sweetie! Give us a hug!
Don't get up Jack! The safety pins are about to blow.
Now, there is a dress laid out on your bed. Okay, you're doing great. You're doing great. You're doing fine.
Go change! She doesn't want her parents to know she's drunk.
Ohh! All right! All right. Here's what we'll do, I'll get twice as drunk as Monica and then no one's will even notice her.
What's-what's going on? Phil's really pissed!
Maybe that will liven up this party.
Okay, will you just go help her change please!
Okay, but taking care of a drunk, naked woman seems like a job for Joey.
It wasn't on your list, but hopefully you'll think it's really fun.
Stick to the list. Always stick to the list.
No! No-no, I love it. Thank you.
Okay, open ours next. Open ours next!
Now that you're a couple, we don't get two presents from you guys?
For my last birthday you gave me a hug! Okay, read the card! Read the card!
Okay. Happy birthday Grandma! It's better to be over the hill then buried under it. All our love Monica and Chandler. That's funny, yeah!
No, I know! I get it! It's funny!
No, because you're not a grandmother!
No I know, because to be a grandmother you have to be married and have children and I don't have any of those things. That's why it's so funny.
All you had to do was buy the card!
Hey! Look who's back! It's the birthday girl! How's the birthday girl feeling?
Well, I feel fine, but I think you're bumming out the rest of the kids.
Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids...
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
If you could do that, I'd marry the hippity-hop.
So, if I wanna have my kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant...
Really! That long?! Look all you want, it's happening!
No, so I don't have to get married until I'm 33! That's three years, that's three whole years-Oh, wait a minute though. I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged... Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm thirty.
Which is fine! Because you just turned--twenty-eight!
No! Ross, no! It is not fine! Eh-eh-according to my plan I should already be with the guy I wanna marry!
I'm telling you it's like watching Bambi learn how to walk.
You're drunk! Mom and dad are gonna be maaaaadd! Maybe I'm a little drunk.
Oh that's great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? There we go.
Hey! Are those crab cakes? Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready?
You are so handsome! I wanna make love to you right here, right now!
I really wish that you wouldn't.
Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don't talk to anyone.
Speech! Speech! Let's hear from the birthday girl! Huh?
Don't you see? Everyone's looking at me! The plan's working! I didn't even have to take off my top yet!
Hey Chandler, you can't keep your hands off her for one second!
I-I-I wanna thank you all for coming. My family and my friends...
I really like to say that I'm-um... Y'know what I'd really like to say? I'm drunk!! That's right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!! And guess what! I've been drunk before! And I've smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It's all okay. It's okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up.
Okay quick, help me get this off!
I lost a whole year! I can't believe it! This is so unfair!
Oh, I don't know Pheebs. It'll be okay.
Will it? Will it?! I mean, how would you feel if you found out you were 31?
That's not gonna happen. No. Because we have a new deal!
Plus, it totally ruined my schedule! I...I haven't done any of the things I wanted to do by the time I was 31!
Like okay I-I-I, I haven't met any Portuguese people! I, I haven't had the perfect kiss! And I haven't been to sniper's school!
Phoebe, y'know why don't we just go upstairs and have some birthday cake?
No, I just feel like being by myself for a while. All right? I'll see you guys later. Thanks.
Hey, y'know what you guys? I think I'm gonna go walk her home.
Pheebs! Wait up! Listen uh, close your eyes. Maybe that's one thing you can cross off your list.
Oh, and plus I'm 1/16th Portuguese.
Okay, is everybody clear? We're gonna pick it up...and move it. Now all we need is teamwork, okay? We're gonna lift the car...and slide it out. Lift and slide!
All right everyone, lift! And slide!!
Oh, come on Rach! My turn just started!
Actually, I just wanna talk to Tag.
Oh. Okay. Hey, can I ride this outside?
Whatever! Okay, I'm not your mother.
How are you doing? Are you feeling any better?
Yeah, I'm doing okay. I'm um...let's talk.
Ohh Tag, umm...you're such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don't-I don't...
Wait! I think I see where you're going, but before you say anything else, can I just say one more thing?
Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I'm past the point where I think I can y'know, just have fun.
Rachel, don't do this. This is just because you're turning thirty.
Yeah, it is! But you're just a kid! I mean you're 25!
Oh God! Y'know what I wish? I wish you were six years older. Well actually, if I'm wishin' for stuff, I actually wish I was six years younger.
Oh, if I only want two kids, can I keep him for another year?
Well, here we are, just a bunch of thirty year olds.
God, do you realize in ten years we're gonna be 40?
Why God?! Why are you doing this to us?!
All-all right! Start it up! Let's go!
I'm glad you're here, we have a couple of things to ask you about the wedding ceremony.
Uh, so anyway, we thought one of you could read something during the ceremony.
Oh! I would love to read a poem.
Do you think you could get through a poem?
Okay, so Ross will be doing the reading.
Okay. Yeah, I guess, I guess I could do that too.
Yeah, I kind of uh, have something else planned for you guys.
Do you mind telling us what it is?
Sorry, I'm kinda keeping this one on the Q.T.
Well, whatever it is, I hope it involves winking.
So I just talked to one of the DOOL writers today, and...
Days Of Our Lives. Anyway, you're not gonna believe it! My character is coming out of his coma!!
And-and-and not only that, I'm gettin' a new brain!!
So great things are happening at work and in your personal life!
Wait, what do you mean you're getting a new brain?
Oh well, they're killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
Yes, it's a highly controversial procedure.
Well, I think it's ridiculous that you haven't had sex in three and a half months.
It's winter, they are fewer people on the street.
Uh Cecilia Monroe, she plays Jessica Lockhart.
She's my favorite character on DOOL.
She is so good at throwing drinks in people's faces, I mean I don't think I've ever seen her finish a beverage.
And the way she slaps all the time!
Wouldn't you love to do it just once?!
Cecilia Monroe man, what a great actress.
Oh, tell me about it. And she's been on the show forever, it's gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant," you are going to be her?
Yes, but in Drake Remoray's body. Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist!
Rach, so, that guy there. Straight or gay?
Well, I'd have to say gay.
Well mainly because he's kissing that other guy.
Oh no not that guy there. That guy right there.
Oh yeah he's too cute to be straight.
Ohh knockers will help us figure it out.
All right, straight, and not subtle.
Ohh, he left his cell phone.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
What if, um, if he calls his own cell phone to find out who found it and I answer and we start talking and we fell in love. I mean wouldn't that be a great story? Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age.
Yeah... That does sound great. I'm going to get the phone.
What? Wait! Why...why do you get the story?
I don't know. I haven't been out on a date in so long.
Phoebe, you had a date three days ago.
That wasn't a date! That was, that was just friends getting together... having sex.
Okay. Okay, see? I get the phone.
No way! No way! You just broke with Tag a week ago.
Yeah! And until now, I didn't think I'd love again.
Oh hey-hey wait! How do we fairly decide who gets the phone?
Well umm, maybe we could uhh... Ah-ha! Too slow!!
I'm going to keep dating him Mother, and there's nothing you can do about it!
What are you going to do? Kill him? Like you did with Charles?!
That was an accident! And so were you.
Well, at least I'm not a murderer!
That was a great scene! And-and-and that slap looks so real! How do you do that?
Can I get some ice here?!
Oh anyway, I just wanted to say how wonderful I think you are.
You're not the fan who's dying are you?
I'm supposed to meet and hug a fan whose dying, but that's not supposed to be until later!
No. No, I'm Joey Tribbiani; we did a scene together yesterday. I-I'm the guy in the coma!
Oh that was a real person?!
An-an-anyway I-I just wanted to say that since I'm getting your brain when you leave the show, I was wondering if there was any tips you can give me...
I don't know. Why? Did you hear something?
Oh uh, one of the writers.
Which one? Was it bald or was it tall?
Y'know what? It doesn't matter! Because it is not true!
And if it were true, how dare you come to me ask me for tips about a character that I've been playing for 20 years-I'll give you a tip!
Ms. Monroe... Oh there you go.
No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that's not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don't we, why don't we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone.
Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
Fine all right, but I'd bet you'd be singing another tune if we were fighting over a ratchet.
All right, first name on the speed dial is mom.
Ohh, I lost my mom to suicide.
Okay no way, you cannot use that to get the cute guy and the last blueberry muffin.
Did I use that already today? I'm sorry.
Yes okay. Well now see this isn't telling us anything. Joe. Carlos. Peter. Ooh! Peter Luger! T hat's a steak house!
Okay, a meat eater. Fine, that's one for you.
Oh, I win! He's got Barney's on his speed dial.
So you don't know that's Barney's the store! That can be y'know his friend's house, or a bar. Who has Barney's the store on their speed dial?
I think it's the dying cat parade.
It sounds like it's coming from across the street.
Y'know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You're half Scottish right?"
No, there is no way! It can not be Ross! Unbelievable! Why is your family Scottish?!
He cannot play at our wedding! I mean everyone will leave! I mean come on, that is just noise! It's not even a song!
If you listen very carefully, I think its Celebration by Cool and the Gang.
Umm Pheebs, remember when we were in the coffee house we decided that I was going to keep the uh, the cute guy's cell phone?
And remember how I said I was going to keep it in my purse so that if it rang I could just pick it up?
And do you remember going into my purse and stealing the phone?!
No? So you're saying that if I called it, it wouldn't ring?
Umm, okay. But while you dial, let me show you the features of my new ringing handbag. Oh, it does work!
Oh is it?! Uhh, hello? Yes hi, is Rachel there? Yes she is, just one moment please. It's for me!
Oh my God! I bet that's him. My digital fairy tale is about to begin. I wonder how I should be? Should I be uh Hello? Or should I be Hi! It's Rach... Would you stop doing that?!
Hello? Yes, I'm the one who found your phone.
Shhh! I'm on a call! Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say 8:30? At-at my apartment. It's umm, it's umm 5 Morton Street, Apartment 14, umm and then maybe y'know after we can grab a bite to eat or whatever. Okay, well okay I'll see you then. Bye.
You do know that I will be here when he comes over.
Oh? And how will you know what time to come over?
Oh. Okay, well I-I was kinda hoping that I would just...be alone y'know to think about my mom and her suicide.
What?! That's the first time today!
So you like the nachos uh? Myself I'm partial to...
You're absolutely right they are writing me out of the show. They don't know exactly when it's going to happen, but apparently going to be very soon and that's it.
I'm so sorry. Look, if it was up to me you would never leave the show.
No I mean it! I can't believe they would do this to you! And to your fans! I mean they are going to be devastated! Heart broken! They love you so much!
Oh you're right. Thank you! What's your name again?
Joey, well thank you. That is so sweet. Oh, excuse me.
I'm having a conversation here! You were saying?
Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye-l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I'm really nervous about-about being you. Y'know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y'know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
All right Joey, I will help you. Not because I-I owe it to this stupid show, but because I owe it to Jessica.
Oh that's great! Oh thank you so much!
Hey! Now, I've been watching some tapes, how's this? "Jessica Lockhart will never step foot in this place again! Ever!!"
Is that supposed to be me?
Yeah but Jessica doesn't have an English accent.
I can do an English accent?! That baby's going on my resume!
Well, I feel like a snack!
Do you want some shortbread? Eh that's Scottish like you are.
Oh no thanks. I don't like any thing from my Scottish heritage.
Well it's just my entire family was run out of Scotland by...Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories.
Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.
No! No-no they're not. They're still very angry! But y'know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet.
Well yeah-yeah the Scottish history is so much more...
You can not play bagpipes at the wedding!!
How did you know about that?!
We heard you play all the way from your apartment!
Were you the ones called the cops?!
That's not really important right now. What is important is; while we appreciate the gesture, we just don't feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding.
Come on that's not fair! I mean you haven't even heard me play!
No, you've heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I'm not going to tell you what song I'm gonna play either. But uh, let's just say when it's over I'll bet there will be a we bit o' celebration.
So, the essence of the character is rooted in her confidence. So, when Jessica enters a room for instance, she owns everything and every person in that room. You try.
No, he already knows that he owns everything in the room! He's not finding it out for the first time! So, try it again.
Right. He's not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it's a little weird, but it's getting better. Oh well, I'm gonna miss this woman so much. I don't know what I'm going to do! I mean, it's been 20 years of my life.
Oh well-Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y'know? It'll-it'll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You're so talented.
I am. I am, but I don't know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy.
Hey that's not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb-Angelina Jolie!
I probably should've just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y'know I just got so comfy here! And... Ohh, I turned down some amazing work!
Well, let's just say if I left 15 years ago, the landscape of Mexican cinema would be very different today!
But... Well now, now's a different time for me.
Oh hey come on, don't-don't-don't do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I'm thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!" Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!"
You own the room. We should probably get-get uh...
Oh yeah-yeah, we should get the... So when Jessica kisses a man, she usually puts umm, both her hands on the man's face.
Yeah-yeah, I noticed that! Is that 'cause she's so passionate?
No! It's because that way the camera only sees her! Do you wanna try it?
That was good, that was really good. But I-I think your hands maybe a little off, they should be maybe right like...
Hi! It's Tom, I'm here to pick up the phone.
Whoa! Why do you get to answer the door?
Well, then I get to give him the cell phone.
Okay. All right. Good luck explaining all the calls to China.
Wow! How long were we arguing for?
You're not the man who left the cell phone.
Could you-could you umm, give us one second?
Can you believe this? We were waiting for a hot guy and then an even hotter one shows up!
Hmm, they just don't make 'em like that anymore!
No-no they do but, you just have to wait.
Rachel, listen-I mean, if you let me have him then I will really owe you one.
All right. All right Phoebe I will let you have him, but you owe me; you owe me big!
Yeah! You're such a great friend!
So, which one of you lovely ladies am I going to take to dinner huh?
Oh that'd be me. Sir. After you.
Well, you certainly own that room.
Actually I rent the whole place and, I just got what you meant. Thank you.
Oh my God! Oh my God!! Ohh, Jessica Lockhart!! In my apartment!! I am such a huge fan! I am such a huge fan!
Well, it's nice to know that you...
That uh, that is my roommate Rachel.
Oh that explains all the women's underwear.
Oh my God! It's true!! Oh my God you are so amazing! Oh my God, can I just ask you to do me oh, just one favor?
Would you slap me? Would you slap me right here in the face?!
I'd love to, but my lawyer said I can't do that anymore.
God. You seem really, really nice.
I mean n-not-not fake at all like most famous people.
Oh wait, just one more thing! One more minute! Umm, you're a stupid bitch.
Nice to meet you! My God you're great!
Thanks for stopping by. See ya! I-I am so sorry. I...
Oh no-no-no-no, being adored. I'm used to it, don't worry about it.
They sent me today's script! They never send the script!
Well no, I'm just in a coma. This must mean I have lines! Oh...
Ew, you get thrown from a horse into an electric fence.
Yeah well, I'm guessing after this she's not going to be crazy about electricity either.
...now remember you have to imagine me in a kilt.
I can imagine you in a short plaid skirt and knee socks.
Do you wanna start telling secrets?
Now umm, remember I'm still learning.
You know the song! Sing along!
Loosening the saddle on mother's horse was brilliant Fredrick. And the electric fence, inspired.
I can't believe she's really gone. Look around you, all of this is ours.
What's the matter Dina? Don't you recognize your own mother?!
Cut! That was great everybody! Thank you!
That was so wonderful! Ohh, I think that you're a better Jessica than I ever was!
Well of course not, but you were very good.
And guess what? Good news! I got another job!
Great! Hey! All right! Well-well what is it?!
No that's La Guardia. This is Mexico.
Ohh. Wow! Well how-how, how will you be gone?
Yeah, but you can come and visit me. I bet that you could uh, own a few places down there.
Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again-That is-I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
That is a tricky one. Well, Joey I really wanna thank you. You've, well you made a very difficult time for me a little less painful.
You know the song! Sing along!
Hi, we have a little bathroom emergency.
Uh, before we do uh, are any of Joey's special romance magazines in there?
Hey listen can you do me a big favor? The dean's office just called and said there was an urgent meeting. Can you watch Ben for like an hour?
So it would just be, me alone?
Well that-y'know it's just uh, I've never done that before. Me and him alone.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, what do I, what do I do with him?
I don't know! Just-just talk to him-entertain him and keep him alive.
Okay. Ben? Come here. All right, I'm gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?
Okay, I'll see you soon buddy. Be back in an hour.
Bye. Ahhh... So this is fun, huh?
Okay. Uh, want something-want something to drink?
Uh great! How do you feel about Diet Coke?
I'm not allowed to have soda.
Okay. Well that's pretty much all that we have-Oh! Oh! Have you ever had a virgin margarita?
What about the second minister we meet with? I kinda liked him.
Come on! It wasn't that bad!
Easy for you to say; you'll be wearing a veil.
All right, what about the third guy?
You mean the guy who kept staring at your chest?
Sorry, I just don't like the idea of when I say, "I do," he's thinking, "Yeah, I'd do her too!"
Well then we still have a problem.
Well, we're trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they're all either boring or annoying or y'know, can't stop staring at the ladies.
Oo! You should have one of us do it!
Phoebe, we're getting married, married; not sixth grade married.
No! No! It's-it's uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings and stuff!
Yes! A friend of mine did it and it's totally legal!
What?! No! It was my idea!
Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.
Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!
We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
Ben y'know when uh, when you were a baby, you and I used to hang out all the time. 'Cause I was, I was your daddy's girlfriend.
'Cause you guys were on a break.
Hey! We were not on a-Okay. That's fine! Fine. Y'know what Ben? One day when you are a lot older I am going to tell you that entire story over a pitcher of real margaritas, okay?
Fifty-two minutes. So no-no brothers and sisters, huh? That must be nice. You don't have to share stuff.
Oh, you're one of those. But y'know what? I have two sisters of my own and we just-just tortured each other.
Well y'know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we'd jump out of closets to scare each other, or switch the sugar for the salt so they'd put salt on their cereal.
I'm funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I've got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear-Do you want a good one? Here's a good one. Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you blacken the edge. Right? And then you say to person, I bet you can't roll this quarter from your forehead to your chin without it leaving your face. And then when they do it, they're left with a big black pencil line right down the center of their face.
Can I do it to you?
Yeah, I-I-I-I'm funny Ben, but I'm not stupid. Okay?
So, did you uh, find anyone to marry you guys yet?
No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
Well then let me do it!
No-no-no! Look, I've been thinking about it. I'm an actor right? So I won't get nervous talking in front of people.
No-no-no-no look no! I won't spit, and I won't stare at Monica's breasts! Y'know? Everyone knows I'm an ass man!
Yeah and the most important thing is that it won't be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It'll be me! And I swear I'll do a really good job. Plus, y'know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
Y'know, we haven't found anybody else.
All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay, I gotta get started on my speech! Oh, wait a minute, Internet ministers can still have sex right?
Oh, I have a headache. A horrible headache!
Oh, I'm sorry. Can I get you something?
Oh my God, you've got to stop chattering!
Here, take a couple of these.
Oh no, I don't believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks.
Okay, while we're waiting for these pills to kick in, I'm gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I'm gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I'm-Sit down--gonna make you some tea. And then, I'm gonna rub your feet.
I have a bone to pick with you.
Yes! Ben learned a little trick.
Oh yeah? Did he pull the old...
That's right! That's right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!
Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They're mean and they're stupid and-and I don't want my son learning them!
Oh, come on! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat, you don't think that's just a little funny?!
I was barefoot. Now tell me, the toilet thing is the only thing you taught him right?
It's amazing! My headache is completely gone! What are those pills called?
Oh, I love you Hexadrin! Oh look! It comes with a story!
No Phoebe, those are like the side affects and stuff.
Oh my God! Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache-Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don't recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I'm sorry, extra strength death capsules!
Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
Say hello to Reverend Joey Tribbiani!
You did it! You got ordained?!
Yeah, I just got off the Internet! Man, there is a lot of porn out there!
I have liver damage. Ow! Oh!
Phoebe, your liver is right here.
Okay, then I must be disoriented.
Anyway, I started working on what I'm going to say for the ceremony, do you wanna hear it?
Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so... "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share." Eh? "It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving." "We too can share and love and have and receive."
What a nice surprise! What are you doing here?
Well y'know I was just in the neighborhood and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "What's up with Carol and sweet, little Ben?"
Can I ask what-Come on in.
Umm uh, I'll make some coffee and we can uh, chat.
I'd love that. I would loooove... So uh, so where is sweet little Ben? I would love to have a little...
I found him! Very funny, come here! That is exactly why I've come here to talk to you okay?
Rach, do you want some sugar in your coffee?
Yes oh--Do I want sugar in my coffee? No, just some milk would be good Carol. Thanks. Okay, do you remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
Remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
Seriously, your dad doesn't like pranks.
Seriously, your dad doesn't like pranks.
No! Don't say that! Don't say that!
No don't! Go back to repeating!
I feel like my face is swelling. Is my face swelling?
Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a baby!
Oh, interesting you should call me that! Now that I may never have one!
Okay you guys, I got a little more written. Are you ready?
"When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and..." And then I can't think of a good word for right here.
See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
I gotcha. Sorry. So, did you ever make him throw up a whole anything?
Did you ever feed him a poison capsule that made him bleed from the eyes?
Oh! Suddenly somebody knows all about the side affects!
See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I'll talk about London! Y'know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won't say hooked up. I'll say, "Began their beautiful journey..."
Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y'know you're in the bathtub together and she's feeding you strawberries?
Isn't that what happened with you and the bride's maid?
Yeah!! I call that London style.
No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy that I was Ross's mom.
And then Chandler was, was really sweet and he consoled me. And well we drank too much...
And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.
Cute PJ's! You're really livin' it up here in London huh?
Well I was... I was exactly expecting company after... 9:15.
Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride's maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Well, look it's been a really emotional time y'know, and you've had a lot to drink. And you've just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
I know, I just thought it would be fun.
Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
Well, I have kissed over four women. Do you wanna get under the covers?
It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.
We're gonna see each other naked.
Do you wanna do it at the same time?
Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
Eh, we weren't that close anyway!
Hey Joe! I was just watching a movie-e-e...
Hey no-no-no-no! It's cool! It's cool! I-I'll only be a second, I'm still with my bride's maid, I just-Where are those condoms you brought?
They're in my bag over there.
Uh, could you leave me one?
Hey listen, why don't you come downstairs with me? There's some really nice girls down there.
All right, here you go buddy. Go nuts.
That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
Okay, can we change the topic? Because it's really doing nothing for me.
Oh... Can you imagine if I hadn't left you that last one? You two might've never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It's like it was in the stars!
Yeah, it's totally meant to be. Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
Who did you originally want to hook up with?
Okay, fine but please don't be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted...just sex. So, when I...went to your room that night...I was actually looking...for Joey.
So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
No because it-it didn't seem important.
Oh, it's not important? It's not important?! If it wasn't for a bride's maid you'd be marrying him not me!
Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv-
I don't believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I'm runner up.
Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!
Hey! Now I'm a man of the cloth, but I still have feelings!
Look there is no way you're doing this wedding now. Okay?
What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bride's maid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
Wait Chandler come on, let's-it's not a big deal!
It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.
I know! Robin is so gay!
So now what have we agreed?
That you and daddy were not on a break.
Rachel! What are you doing here?
I'm just visiting my good friend Carol.
Nice. And by the way that uh, that line down my face?
Wh-wh-what line? The line that prompted a student in my last class of the day to say uh, "Dude, don't you ever was your face?"
All right, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't tell you but you were so mad already!
Of course I was mad! I told you I-I hate this stuff! Okay? It-it's not funny!
You have a line down your face.
Okay, maybe they are not funny to you...
Or Carol! But they're funny to kids and who is it hurting?!
Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
I will be! Listen, I don't want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
Fine. Fine, but I'll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I'll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that's what you want!
No that's not what I want. Uh, I'm glad you guys were bonding but I...
Look he doesn't have any brothers or sisters, somebody's gonna have to teach him this stuff! And I haven't taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn't know anyway!
Hey. Do you want this scone? It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
Chandler, come on nothing even happened!
Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding...
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You're so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, 'cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y'know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just...it-it fits. Y'know? And you just know it's gonna last forever.
When you're marrying us; that's what you should say.
I'd love it if you would do it.
But those are the words! Those exact words!
Well I don't know remember exactly but, it's-it's pretty much about having and giving and sharing and receiving.
Hey I'm sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little bit? I-I've got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, 'Fun Aunt' Rachel, so...
Ohhh! Well of course I will watch him! We have fun, don't we Ben?
Okay, I'll see you later pal.
Ohh, okay. Wh-Ah-ha! Wait a minute. Uh Ben, I can't do it.
I can't let him go out that way, he's got a meeting. You've got something here on your back.
What? That's great. That is great. What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
All right, that's it! Come-you-no! You are in big trouble young man!
Wait! No! Ben, come here! I am not kidding!
EHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! My God!!!!!!!!!!! Oh my God!!!!!!!
Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
I'm really glad you guys are okay but, I just keep thinking what would happen if-if you two actually had hooked up.
What's my little chef got for me tonight?
Thanks sweetheart. Give me a little sugar here. Okay.
Here we go! Here we go! Here we go! How you doin'?
Oh my God! This is a six-hour pill! That's it! I'm out of the woods! Ohh! What a relief!
Oh, it's like huge weight has been lifted! 'Cause look, no hair loss, not a rash, no hives, I'm just so happy! Because no shortness of breath, no temporary euphoria-Oh.
So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we're trying to get to play at the wedding?
Since when are you into swing music?
Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands!
Gap commercial. So did you book them? Did you call?
Do you want me to call?
No, I'll do it. You just stick to your job.
This is impossible Monica, why don't you just pick all 15?
Well hello! She's cute! Should we uh, go try to talk to her?
Sure! That's one of the great things about being engaged. I'm not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.
Uh yeah! Let me, let me get that for you.
I got it. So hi, I'm uh, I'm Ross and this is my friend Chandler.
Kristen, hi. Are you uh, new to the area, 'cause if you are...I'd love to show you around sometime.
I...I uh, actually just moved from four blocks over.
But-but this block is like a whole other world.
Y'know actually it does have a very interesting history. Uh, this street is the first street in the city to have an underground sewer system. Before that sewage and waste would just flow right down the street. Yeah, sometimes ankle deep!
Umm, say you're gonna be starving after all this moving. What do you say I take you to dinner tonight?
Great! Uh, let me take this up for you.
Oh no-no, after you. Oh my God!
Am I crazy or does this totally go?!
Oh my God! You look so beautiful!
Thank you Rachel but, look at Monica!
This is it. Yeah, this is the one. I can't believe I found it!
Wow you look so beautiful! If I knew you, I'd cry.
Well I'm Monica Geller, ball like a baby.
Have you found your dress yet?
Oh no, these dresses are all so amazing but there is no way I could afford one.
No, I can't afford this either. No. I-I-I'm, I'm just to figure out which one I want then I'm gonna get it at Kleinman's, this discount place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.
Yeah! So-so when are you getting married?
Oh I'm not, I just like to try these on.
I'm just kidding. I'm getting married July 25th.
I'm just kidding too. I'm getting married in December.
So when are you getting married?
We met with him. Did he show you the photos of the nude wedding he did?
I know! I almost called off my wedding. Oh, who's your band?!
Oh, my fiancee wants the Swing Kings.
Oh, you're so lucky. My fiancee wants the heavy metal band Carcass.
Ooh, is that spelled with a 'C' or a 'K'? Oh my God! It doesn't matter; they're both great!
Oh y'know what? Y'know what? Now that you know what you want you should go to Kleinman's and get it half off. This place is so overpriced.
So, does this come in another color or...
Hi! You uh, movin' in or movin' out?
Oh uh, can I give you a hand?
Oh okay. But y'know what? Be careful. Because a guy was helping me before had to leave because he hurt his back.
Oh wow, what a beautiful name! What is it again?
So uh, do you live around here?
Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. Hey listen; let me give you a little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop or you can wake up with your shoes gone.
Okay. Yeah. Listen would you uh, would you like to have dinner with me tonight?
Oh I, I have plans tonight.
Sounds great! Okay all right, well where does this go?
You look strong, why don't I take that and you grab one of the boxes.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I'll grab this one.
What is taking so long?! I mean whatever!
All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what you're looking for! Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right? Three short blasts, when you hear it. Come running.
No. No. Not it. Not it. Not it. Don't crowd me! This is it! This is the dress! Oh my God, it's perfect! I'm sorry, this one's taken! Whoa!
Yes it is! You saw me wearing it!
And now you'll see me buying it.
What? You freak! You wouldn't even have known about this place if it wasn't for me!
Look, you don't want to fight me.
Maybe I do! I'm pretty feisty!
Okay! Hey! What do I do?!! What are you doing? Did you find the dress?
No! You gotta get me out of here Phoebe! These bargain shoppers are crazy!
No! You gotta hold my hand!!
Oh my God!! Excuse me! Excuse me!
So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying she'd like to go out again.
Yeah in fact, I'm gonna go call her right now. And I'll make sure to tell her my friend Chandler says...
Listen, sorry I didn't stop by last night but I had a date.
Uh Joe, when it's one o'clock in the morning and you don't come by? That's okay!
Well check it out, I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
Excellent! Y'know Ross met somebody too!
Oh great! We're going out again Saturday. But I just found she's also seeing some other guy.
Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Ross's situation?
Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I'm dating this girl who's also seeing another guy. But, I don't know, I'm not to worried about it.
Well you shouldn't be. Believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy who's up against you. I mean that doofus is going to lose!
So this is nice! I wish I didn't have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. Oh uh, by the way, what's the name the girl you're dating?
Well obviously only one of us can keep dating her.
Obviously! So, how do we decide?
Well now let's-let's look at this objectively, I think I should date her...
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Or, or I'm the one who dates her.
That's interesting, but check this out. I date her...
Yeah-yeah I like that but just to go in another direction...
Okay, okay. This can go on for a while.
Yeah well we should order some food then.
No Joey! Look why don't, why don't we just let her decide? Okay? Hey-hey, we'll each go out with her one more time. And-and we'll see who she likes best.
Maybe I'll take her to that new French restaurant down the street...
Ah yeah-wait a second now! Look we're gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don't have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
Well sorry, that's what I do on dates.
All right, well I guess I'll just have to do what I do on dates.
So let's decide on the spending limit...
I was thinking more like a hundred.
Okay. Can I borrow 94 dollars?
I know. Hand me a tissue.
Hello? What?! You what?! Hey you listen here missy! Wh-
That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our wedding and said that I couldn't have them back unless I gave her the dress!
Does that mean Carcass is available?
What am I gonna do?! That is the dress! That is the dress! Wh...Chandler wants the band. What do I do?
Well just figure out a way to talk him out of it.
I just wanted to come by and y'know, wish you good luck on your date.
Yeah. What time are you meeting her?
We have 8:00 reservations at Grammercy Bistero.
Wow, that's in like 20 minutes. You'd better get dressed.
Oh. Well good! For me. What is this? Did you give yourself a facial?
Okay dude! Hey you uh, you sent Kristen flowers.
You spent a hundred dollars. That's the limit. You're screwed!
Uh actually, I sent the flowers before the actual date. So techincally, technically I didn't break any rules. Thanks for stopping by though.
Oh-oh! So that's the way it's gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y'know!
Oh yeah? What are you gonna do?
Y'know what Ross? I'm not gonna let you get away with this!
I don't think you have much choice.
Yeah bye-bye! Hey! So just a light layer?
Yes. Yes. Just here and there .
Joey got meat sauce on the banister again!
Yeah, swing music is so out.
Phoebe, he's gotta be in the room for that to work.
What are you guys talking about?
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts-They just stop living.
Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there's another reason too.
Well, what is the other reason?
Well you have to because maybe it's stupid.
Well it's just while Monica and I were dancing to them it was...the first time I knew that...you were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.
So they said our table will be ready in just a few minutes.
Oh yeah it's fine. I guess the more muscles you have the more they can spasim out of control.
Hi! What are you doing here?
Oh I like this place. And technically, technically I'm not breaking any rules so I...
Well uh, Ross? This is Joey. Joey? Ross.
Hi. It's nice to meet you. I used to have a friend named Joey. I don't anymore.
Our table will be ready in a couple minutes.
Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks!
So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
Well Joey doesn't like to talk about it but, he's one of the stars of Days Of Our Lives.
That's right! That's right, don't you play a woman?
A woman in a man's body.
So y'know Ross it's funny 'cause, you look familiar to me too. Have you ever been married?
Well yes, yes I have. In fact umm, just the other day Kristen and I were talking about how I've been married and how I have a son.
So you've just married the one time then?
Yes. And another time after that. Boy I'm getting hungry! Hey Joey, have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you eat some of her food?
You said the waiter ate my crab cake.
Yeah. So uh Ross, well now-why did that first marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?
Do you two know each other?
No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge.
Wait a minute! Were you on a poster for gonorrhea?
Have you ever slept in the same bed as a monkey?!
Hey you leave Marcel out of this!
Fine! Have you ever got stuck in a pair of your own leather pants?!
Hey-hey have you ever locked yourself in a TV cabinet VD boy?!
When do you think we lost her?
Why? Do you another boyfriend in there or something?
No! We only mess around at his place!
Y'know it's funny I started it but, now it's scary me. So could you come out here please?
No, I'm wearing a wedding dress.
Oh you got a wedding dress? That's great!
Yeah but I'm not keeping it.
Well then why can't I see it?
Oh. I guess you can. Okay but; I-I have to return it, so you can't like it.
Okay I promise. I'll-I'll hate it. Wow! You-you look...hideous.
Yeah, that's like the most ugliest dress I've ever seen. Wh-why do you to return it?
Oh because it doesn't...really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
Oh that's great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it's like yuck! It's terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
Okay! But you can't rip it. Well, maybe a little.
Hey guys! Do you wanna look at the song list for the wedding? Guys?
I thought you were gonna be gone all day.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone.
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
Yeah! Y'know, she could use a little... Oh nice shot!!!
Hey! You guys! You're not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent...
Oh my God! I'm sorry, too soon. You go.
Okay. I got nominated for my part on Days of Our Lives!
Congratulations! Wow! I can't believe you're nominated for an Emmy!
No! I'm up for a Soapie!
Honey? Is that something you're making up?
No, no, no! It's real! And it has been since 1998. Hey Rach! Rach! I'm up for a Soapie!
Oh my God! Oh my God!! That is like the third most prestigious soap opera award there is!
Thank you! Well, I guess now I know who I'm taking to the awards.
Oh, stop that! Don't kid about that! Will all the stars be there?
Oh my God! Oh my God! I can't go! I'm gonna be too nervous!
No!! You are getting married! This is all I have.
...and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it's collar and emit a high pitched noise to frighten it's predator. Yes Mr. Lewis?
Just a high pitched intimidating noise.
Well we-we don't know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this. Of course, this is just conjecture. Okay, that's uh, that's all for today. Uh Mr. Morse, can I see you for a moment?
Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term exam, I'm afraid I-I had to fail you.
Well you need 60% to pass...
No-no it's not. What-what happened there Ned?
Well maybe you can cut me some slack. I'm sort of in love.
Well I'm sorry but, that-that's really not my problem.
Well that brings me in the loop a little.
You see, that's why I did so bad on this test. I'm having a hard time concentrating. When you're up there and you're teaching and your face gets all serious...you look so good. You wear that tight little turtleneck sweater...
Okay! Umm, I uh, I'm your teacher. I'm sorry, you're-you're a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!
Really? My God, he's really cute.
I'm just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can't perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I'm engaged.
Wow! Uh, this is kind of embarrassing. I was actually coming over to talk to your friend.
I thought you knew I was looking at you.
I did, but that was really fun.
And the winner is...Joey Tribbiani! Oh... Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn't prepare a speech. But umm, I'd like to thank my parents, who've always been there for me. I'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel...
I'm fourth! Look at you with your little maple syrup award!
Yeah may-maybe you don't tell anyone about this.
What? No! It's not a big deal! I do that too, with my shampoo bottle.
What award are you practicing for?
Oh, hey listen! The Soapie's called today and I also get to present an award.
So you'll definitely get onstage, even if you don't win.
What you-you don't think I'm gonna win?
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like...
You practice losing the Grammies too?
Oh no, at the Grammies I always win.
Hey! How'd your date go with Jake?
Oh, great! We couldn't keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y'know, he'd kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck.
Okay, stop it Phoebe, you're getting me all tingly.
All I could think of was y'know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"
I'm a lady Monica, I don't kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself.
Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.
I just like him so much that I just feel like I've had 10 drinks today and I've only had six.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I...I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?
Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?
There's this kid in my class who said he's in love with me.
I do-I do not have a boyfriend. There's a guy in one of my classes who-who has a crush on me.
Yeah! I don't know. I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid. What-what-what-what is it?! Am I giving out some kind of...sexy professor vibe?
It-it-The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y'know you-I couldn't concentrate and I blushed every time he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember what's it's like to be 19 and in love.
Yeah. I guess I can cut him some slack.
How'd you get over that teacher?
I didn't. I got under him.
Bye! We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
Phoebe, it's okay. You don't have to tip toe around me. I-I've been thinking about it and umm, y'know what? I'm okay about not having that new relationship feeling...
See? That's what I mean. I mean that, that's great! But I wouldn't trade in what I have for that. I mean I'm gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that's what makes me happy. Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is don't you think?
Presenting the award for Favorite Returning Male Character is McKensize...
This is it! This is my category.
I know! My God! Do you have your speech?
Do you got your gracious loser face?
Now Joey remember, if you win you have to hug me! You hug me!
Okay. Can I squeeze your ass?
In The Category Of Favorite Returning Male Character The Nominees Are John Wheeler from General Hospital , Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless , Dunkin Harrington from Passions , and Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives . And the Soapie goes to......Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless!
Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives.
Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop , from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is......Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn't be with us tonight so I'll be accepting this award on her behalf. And I'm sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who's sittin' right there!
Joey! Why did we have to rush out of there so fast?!
Rach we had to get out of there because, look what I won!
Oh my God you stole her award!
No-no! No, I'm accepting it on her behalf.
Joey I don't think you know what behalf means.
Sure I do! It's a verb! As in, "I behalfin' it!"
Joey, you have got to take this back!
But why?! I should've won one and I really want it and she didn't even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.
Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of 'em.
Do you really want an award you didn't win?
No! I want an award I did win! But nobody's giving me any of those! Plus-Hey Rach, if-if I put it up there right? When people come over they'll see it and they'll think I won it.
Joey is says Best Supporting Actress!
I can scratch that right off.
Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don't want to win an award this way. You're very talented. And someday you're gonna win one of these for real and that one is gonna mean something.
If I can't have it you can't have it!
Yes Mr. Lewis, how can I help you?
I know I didn't do well on my midterms and stuff but, I was kinda hoping you could change my grade.
And why exactly would I do that?
Because I'm in love with you.
Yeah, I'm all...in love with you and stuff. So could you change my grade?
Well why not you changed Ned's grade!
Well that's different! Okay? Because he, he was actually in love with me!
No he's not! He's totally yanking your chain! He's done this with three other teachers!
I can't believe someone would do that for a grade.
I know! It's awful. I love you.
'Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
Okay, don't sweat it. Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy's cute.
Phoebe! Come on I'm serious! I just got to talk to him about all this.
No that is the last thing you want to do!
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
Oh my God! You're right! Go! Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it's too late! Wait no! Does this also mean putting out doesn't get you love?
I cannot believe I'm gonna meet Jessica Ashley!
Okay wait-wait p-please be cool! Okay? I work with this woman.
Ah, this is my friend Rachel.
Uh listen, here's your Soapie. I accepted it for ya.
Oh my God! I won! Do you have any idea what this means?!
Well, that-that-that's it? You're gonna, you're gonna put it on your self or anything?
No, I try to save that for real awards. Now, if you'll excuse me.
Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?
Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big
You're wrong! The centerpieces are fine! Do you ever get scared at all?
Doesn't it ever just freak you out that-that you're never gonna be with anybody new again?
Just, I love you so much. Just...It's just sometimes it bothers me that I'm never gonna have that feeling. Y'know when you meet someone for the first time and it's new and exciting? Y'know that rush?
No. No, see when I first meet somebody it's uh it's mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
Okay, but all right you're a guy, does it not freak you that you're never gonna sleep with anybody else?
Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I'm afraid even more sweating.
I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Well yeah! But now that I know that you're having these thoughts, I'm back to panic, anxiety, and uh I'm definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
Come here! Come here! Sweetie you don't have to worry. No, besides y'know what? I'm gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid...
Uh Mr. Morse, can I speak to you for a moment?
That was a great lecture today. Did you get a little hair cut?
Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to know that I'm changing your grade back.
'Cause I know what you're trying to pull here. Okay? It's not gonna work.
I'm not trying to pull anything. Look I love you dude.
Y'know what? I-I'm not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay--Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me feel Ned?! You used me! You don't love me and you never did! Ah Professor Winston, Professor Fredrickson, I'll be right with you. Don't make this worse and I'll give you a C. Shall we?
I'll be out in a second.
Oh. It's just so unexpected! I...I uh...Boy I'll tell you it's just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y'know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in...
Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.
...in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.
Okay honey, you can finish this later we're gonna be late. We gotta go.
Please, don't play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT!!
Oh hey! How was your audition?
I'm sorry, do I know you?
Nothing, I'm just practicing blowing you off because I'm gonna be a big movie star!
Well, no not yet. But the audition went really good.
Oh, it's this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It's really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
Yeah, there's this guy from Chicago who's supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy's right after him. Hello!
Joey! It's Estelle! I just talked to the casting people; they loved you!
Yeah, they wanna see you again tomorrow.
There's just one thing. Do you have a problem with full frontal nudity?
Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! Oh. Uh, okay uh let me call you back.
They want me to be totally naked in the movie!
I know! My grandmother's gonna see this!
Grandma's gonna have to get in line.
Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
Yeah. But a part of me also can't wait 'til it's over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
A no sex pact huh? I actually have one of those going on with every woman in America.
Hey Phoebe, will you give me a hand?
I gotta make up the guest bedroom. Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us a few days.
Wow, I haven't seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she goes.
So what! I still have-No you're probably right.
Hey Pheebs, can I talk to you over here for a second?
I know you're planning my surprise bridal shower.
Well okay-Well don't ruin it! Just play along at least!
Oh my God! We have to throw her a shower?!
Hey! What did you decide to do about the movie?
I don't know! It's not like it's porn! This is a serious, legitimate movie. Y'know? And the nudity is really important to the story.
That's what you say about porn.
You're right. Maybe I shouldn't even go on the call back.
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
Well that's true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character's catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It's really sweet and-and tender.
Plus, everyone's gonna see your thing.
Well when can we have this shower?
She has got so much going on we-we have only two options. We have Friday...
Well that's only two days away. What is the other option?
Well if we make it yesterday, woo-hoo! We're done!
Oh my God Phoebe, this is impossible! We can't do this by Friday! We have to find a place. We have to invite people! We have to get food! There's just too much to do! It's impossible! We can't do it! We cannot do it! We cannot do it!
Okay. I'm sorry. You're right, you're right.
Phoebe, I already, I already did.
Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
Okay. Okay. I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?
Ah you went one too far. Uh, flowers or balloons?
Okay. Umm, what should we do for the theme?
I don't know. A cowboy theme?
Y'know I'm-I'm really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding.
Y'know I was thinking if we had a...a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours...
Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!
The wedding is off, sloppy and immature!
Okay. But wait, we can't. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, we're supposed to have lunch.
Well get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.
Shrill?! The wedding is back on!
I thought I heard voices. You must be Chandler.
So, are you ready to go?
Cassie needs to stay at your place.
Because Purvry Perverson over here can't stop staring at her.
I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It's called being a good conversationalist. Watch. Say something.
You were staring about eight inches south of there.
Fine, she can stay at my place. By the way, what-what does Cassie even look like now.
She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.
Umm, so this Aunt Marilyn is-is-is-is she coming to the wedding?
Uh so, will-will I be reading the same scene again?
Actually, I tried to call to you. You didn't need to come down here today.
Oh great! Y'know I would've been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y'know, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day!
Wait Joey! You didn't need to come down because the director saw your tape from yesterday and loved it.
And scene! Huh? Wasn't that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
Well, the director thinks you're really right for the part and wants to meet you tomorrow.
Oh and your agent said you were okay with the nudity.
Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it's handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
Terrific! Well uh, there's one more thing. Uhh, uh it's really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic. Yeah and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how she's never seen a naked man who wasn't Jewish. So...
So uh well the director is insisting that whoever play that part be authentically, anatomically not Jewish. Do you know what I'm saying?
An Italian Catholic immigrant at this time would not be...
So to get this part you can't be?
But you told them you weren't?
Wow! Wow! And it's definitely all gone? There's nothing there to work with? What were you thinking?
I don't know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell 'em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to...grow a turtleneck!
I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!
I just have to call my agent and tell her I can't do the part.
Well, this may sound crazy, but there maybe something we could fashion.
Well I'm not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I'm thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
Hey! I've got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone's names in them and inside is everyone's individual birth stone.
Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party is tomorrow and we still don't have a guest list.
Okay. Okay! Well okay, who do we know that's coming? Me. Are you?
Well uh, I'm trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I raid your fridge?
Okay. All right, turkey. Eh, that won't work. Cheese? That won't work. Olive loaf? I hope that won't work.
Are you makin' him a sandwich?
No it's umm, more like a wrap. Okay so uh, I'm gonna go guys.
I guess you can get back to deciding on what to get me for a present!
We have to get her a present?!
Okay but look! Look at what I got! It's her address book! We have a guest list!
Oh my God you're amazing! Did you just pull that out of her purse?
Uh-huh, and a little seed money for the party.
It's been so long! Last time I saw you, you were setting up your tent in line to see Return of the Jedi.
Oh. Oh, that's right. So-so you did see me that day because it seemed like you didn't.
It's okay. Come, come on in.
Thanks for letting me stay here! I mean Monica's place was nice, but her fiancee sure stares a lot.
Oh my God! You do a great Chandler!
Uh-huh. Yeah I-I have a knack for impressions.
Well, maybe after we get reacquainted uh, you can do me.
Cassie, how you-how you doin' on that...hot dog.
I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.
Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you 'til you cried? We're probably too old to do that now.
I'll always remember that summer, because it's when I got all of these freckles.
Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and I'll always remember that summer because that's when I realized that we are related.
It took you that long to figure it out, huh?
Well I'm, I'm a little slow. Just as our children would be.
How are you? Good. Hi, thanks for coming.
Thank you. No? All right. Oh, it's so nice to see you.
Who the hell are all these people?
Well, I don't know. I called all the people in Monica's phone book and these are the only ones who could show up on 24 hours notice.
Hmm, y'know there's another word for people like that. Losers!
Hi! I'm Rachel. This is Phoebe. I'm the maid of honor. How do you know Monica?
I was her accountant four years ago.
I'm very interested to find out who's been doing her taxes these last four years.
So, what time is Monica supposed to get here?
Excuse us for a minute. You didn't tell her to come?!
You were supposed to tell her!
No I wasn't! You were supposed to tell her to come and I was supposed to bring the cake!
Yes! And please tell her to bring a cake!
Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of prototypes for you to try on.
Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap. Umm, this one is made of bologna.
Oh, just until the glue dries.
Now, these are-are more realistic, but perishable.
Okay? Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it's gonna shrink.
Well maybe we just take that one away.
I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that's really just for me. Okay. So, why don't you go into your room and try these on and we'll see-get a better idea of what's gonna work.
Thanks, you are such a good friend. And this is so weird.
What are you trying on now?
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! We have a winner!
The Silly Putty! It's not so silly anymore!
She's your cousin. She's your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she'd think you were sick! Or would she? Let's back up a second. She was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She was the one that wanted to rent Logan's Run, the sexiest movie ever. Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I want it. She wants it. I'm going in.
Hey! What the hell are you doing?!
Say something clever! Okay, doesn't have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words. Any words will do. Oh my God! This is the longest that anyone has not talked ever! There is nothing you can say to make this worse!! So just say something!! I-I, I uh haven't had sex in a very long time. Yeah, you really shouldn't have said anything.
Phoebe! Rachel! It's Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice! Oh.
Oh Monica, we are so sorry.
Well first, for forgetting to throw you a bridal shower.
And then for forgetting to invite you to it.
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
Well no wait a minute that's not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.
What do you, what do you mean?
Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those presents without having to talk to people I don't even like!
And what's cool is, the character is from Naples, right?
Oh that's great! Okay, well I've heard everything I need to hear. I just need to uh, Leslie...
Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. I totally understand. You need to y'know make sure I don't have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don't you worry; I have nothing to hide. So there you go, that's me. One hundred percent natural! I tell ya, that has never happened before.
Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
Yeah! Thank you so much for letting me stay here.
Say something! Say anything! Ask her out! She's not your cousin!
Hey! Out of all of us, who do you think is gonna get married next?
Hi. Could I have a pack of Newport Lights, please?
Oh umm, uh we don't sell cigarettes, but they have them at the newsstand across the street.
Oh my God, Melissa Warburton. I don't think I have the energy for this.
You have been M.I.A for the past seven sorority newsletters, what's up with you?!
Wh--Why don't I tell you over here?
So last I heard you were gonna get married. Oh poor Ray-ray.
Oh no-no, no! It's good! It's all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren!
I will not! I'm the divisional head of men's sportswear!
Oh shut up more! Now, are you friends with Ralph?
Listen, we-we have to have dinner. What-what are you doing tomorrow night?
Oh tomorrow, oh I don't know. Um...
You do now. You're having dinner with me.
I-I've got to go. This has been so great Ray-ray! Oh, there you are. Umm, so listen, just call me. Here's my card.
Oh, wow thanks! Oh you're in real estate!
Oh no, that's-that's an old card. Umm, I wanted to get out of that and-and do something where I can really help people and-and make a difference.
Wow! What do you do now?
I'm a party planner. I'll see you tomorrow.
Hey guys! Look who's back! It's Ray-ray!
Shut up that was my friend Melissa from college.
She's actually very sweet and we used to be very close.
Wait a minute, she isn't... She's not the one who you...
Who you what? Who you what?!
Wow? Wow what?! Wow what?! Who you-what?!!
No we weren't! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangria and y'know, ended up...kissing for a bit.
So that's two of my wives.
Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people's names on them. And Rach, here you are.
Oh wow. Why don't we just take me and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. These pins aren't for playing are they?
Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.
This is so sad. I mean, I only have like ten pins.
Chandler, relax it's not a contest. Certainly not a close one.
Okay, I think that's it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they're having fun don't they?
Hey, so where are my parents gonna be?
Oh! Let's see, well...if this is the wedding hall then umm you're parents will be at home in Queens.
What they're not invited?! Oh no, that's terrible! They're gonna be crushed!
Why would they think they're invited?
Well, I'm sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y'know? Your parents are comin'! Chandler's parents are comin'! Ross's parents are comin'!
Y'know I think we should invite them.
Oh please, you just want more blue pins.
All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actually have to sit at the bar!
Maybe you'll order a little sangria?
So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there's anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.
Well, thanks a lot for hookin' me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
I'm Monica's maid of honor. Okay? Don't try to blue pin me!
Well, what's the deal with these? These-these look nice.
Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make tuxedos for celebrities and then when they're done with them they just send 'em back.
You mean like for award shows?
You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
Honey, might I suggest watching a little more ESPN and a little less E!?
Umm, well let's see uh, this one is Tom Brokaw.
This one is uh Paul O'Neil.
He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background. Ooh, this one was Pierce Brosnan!
007?! This is James Bond's tux?!
Oh, I have to get married in James Bond's tux!
Oh, it's not just that, I would be England's most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty's secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill. Would Monica let me wear this?
We should really learn how to play the real way.
I like our way. Oh! Chess!
So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one?
No, I'm performing the ceremony. I'm not wearing a tux.
Well, what are you going to wear?
Multi-colored robes! Ooh, and maybe a hat.
Huh. Does Monica know about this?
Can I please be there when you tell her?
Hey oh, Rach wait! Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
Oh, y'know what? I can't. I have to have dinner with that Melissa girl.
Can I come?! I won't even talk! You'll just hear the noise from my video camera.
What is this? What's going on?
Oh good! Can I tell her?! Can I tell her?!
Well, do you want to hear what actually happened or Joey's lewd version?
Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid mistake of telling Joey that one time...she and I y'know...kissed a little bit.
Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drunk! And we ended up kissing! For several minutes!
Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.
Why are you taking this away from me?
Yeah, why is it so hard for you to believe?!
Okay! I just-I didn't know that you are a lesbian.
I'm not saying that I'm a lesbian! I'm just saying that this happened!
Okay, it just seems pretty wild and you're so-y'know so...vanilla.
I'm not vanilla! I've done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas!
All right, y'know what? If you don't want to believe me about this, why don't you just come with me to dinner tonight and she will tell you.
Okay! All right! Yeah! 'Cause I just can't picture it.
Oh-ho, you should get inside my head.
Hey! Guess what I got for your wedding!
A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head?
No. Rachel hooked me up with a tux! But not just any tux, Batman's tux!
That's right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film...that Batman film he was in.
You can't wear that! I'm wearing the famous tux! James Bond's tux!
So-If you wear that you'll make mine less special.
Well, you need something to make this day special? Hello! You-you-you have the most special thing of all! You are marrying the woman you love.
Please, don't take away my cool thing. Please?! Pretty please?!
Pretty please? Not very uh, 007.
Look, it's my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.
When I got married you slept with my sister.
Hey. Oh good-good you're here! All right, I figured it out. I'm gonna take two tables of eight, I'm gonna add your parents, and I'm gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go!
Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They...feel a little unwanted.
Oh that's too bad. It's true, but too bad.
Look Mon, if you could just call my mom...
Come on! Look just-just tell-let her know that you really want them to be there. Let's not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
Is it her fault that some of them didn't make it to you?
Well, what am I going to say?
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?!
...anyway, his name is Allan and we've been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party planner. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.
Hmm Phoebe, were you ever in a sorority?
Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.
Yeah! Y'know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning.
Oh, isn't a shame when one girl ruins it for the whole bunch?
Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, tellin' Phoebe about that one crazy night after the Sigma Chi luau where you and I uh, we made out.
Remember?! We-come on both had the sarongs on, and we had the-the coconut bikini tops...
...we went back the house and we got really silly and we...we made out.
Oh wow, Ray-ray I have no idea what you're talking about.
Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.
Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond!
What are you talking about?! 007 has all those gadgets!
Batman has Robin! We get ESPN right?
How about you go put on your 007 tuxedo and I'll make you a nice martini.
How about a Youhoo with a funny straw?
Listen, I know the invitation says 6:00, but does that mean that you want people to get there at six, or the show is gonna start right at six?
Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it's gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right?
Have you ever been to one of my weddings?
Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it's the same day as my niece's christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. 'Cause my part's just in the beginning I'm not even in the rest of the show-Wedding!
Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little 'til they get there?
Yeah! Yeah y'know, like warm up the crowd. Ask 'em where they're from. 'Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I'm a minis-tainer! There is no one better! There is no one greater!
How can you not remember us kissing?!
I don't know. I don't remember a lot of things that never happened.
Wh... Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn't stop giggling? And our coconuts kept knockin' together?
Oh, somewhere Joey's head is exploding.
Yeah-but come on-Listen, I'm sorry I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but I told Phoebe that it happened and she doesn't believe me.
I'm sorry Ray-ray. I mean if I thought it happened I would say it. Maybe I passed out and you did stuff to me while I was sleeping.
Rachel, it's okay. You don't have to do this. I believe you. All right? Okay, if-if you say that you kissed Melissa, then you kissed Melissa.
Yes. I find it to be something of a conversation piece.
Gunther. Hey-hey! Why don't we put them on? Y'know get a picture of Batman and James Bond together.
I would but mine doesn't fit. The pants are a little tight.
A little tight? I could see double-oh and seven in those pants.
Well that stinks. I was looking forward to us wearing our celebrity tuxes together.
Well, does that mean that you're not going to wearing yours?
What are you kidding? It's Batman's tux!!
Okay, but just the jacket. Double-oh and seven are not gettin' in there.
Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman! What's this?
An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn't wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy!
Let me see that! Oh man!
The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.
Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They're so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
Well, you're welcome. And tell them we're really glad they're coming.
Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this is for party time.
It happened! I am telling you it happened!
Okay. Well, it was great meeting you. And uh Rachel, I-I don't think I'll be calling you because umm, y'know you've gotten weird. Take care you guys.
What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I'm not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don't remember that, maybe you will remember this!
Of course I remember our kiss. I think about it all the time. I can still hear the coconuts knockin' together I... I just didn't want to tell you 'cause I didn't think that you'd return my love, and now that you have...
Aww, look who's being suddenly shy. You can't tell me you don't feel what I feel. Nobody can kiss that good and not mean it.
I-I-I-I'm just...I'm just a good kisser!
Oh you don't have to be sorry. I'm...I'm obviously kidding. I'm not in love with you. I'm not in love with her. I don't hear coconuts banging together. Yeah, I don't...picture your face when I make love to my boyfriend. Anyway, I gotta go. Eh...kiss good-bye? No? Okay.
Wow! I mean I had no idea that that was gonna...
I just wanted to see what all the fuss was about.
All right! I found one that fits!
Well y'know what they say, the 23rd time's the charm. Aww, look at you all handsome!
Oh does it matter?! All that matters is that you look so handsome.
Oh, come on! I don't care! Come on! Whose is it?
Do you realize that four weeks from today we're getting married? Four weeks baby!! Four weeks!!!
Do you realize you get louder each week?
There's still so much to do. Have you written your vows yet?
I figured I'd buy those. Pat, I'd like to buy a vow.
Sweetie, you know I have no sense of humor when it comes to the wedding.
Right. So uh, have you written yours yet?
No! But I know exactly what I'm going to say.
Do you happen to know what I'm going to say?
Let's just do it right now. Okay? It won't be hard. Just say what's in your heart.
Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What's wrong with me? Ooh, don't open that door.
Monica, there are no words... There are no words! This should not be this hard!
All right, uh... Oh hey, you've done this before Ross, well what did you say when you made up your vows?
Well with Carol, I promised never to love another woman until the day I die. She made no such promise.
I'm so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You should've seen her. Writing, writing, writing!
You have to help me! I'm supposed to be writing my vows and all I have is this!
Well, I like the pretty little drawing of you in the wedding dress.
Yeah, except your breasts look kinda small.
Those are my eyes! Those are my breasts.
Well, why don't you just start with something simple. Like umm, Monica from the moment I met you, I knew I loved you.
Yeah, I'm not sure I can do that.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Umm, maybe you can start with, "Chandler, even though we were friends; there was a part of me that always knew I wanted more."
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Ooh, are we allowed to lie in the vows?!
Well maybe you don't talk about your feelings back then. Maybe you just say something about y'know all the things that he's taught you. Like... Or all the things you taught him.
Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. You got one, two three, four , five, six, and seven!
It's kind of an important one!
Oh, y'know-y'know what, I was looking at it upside down.
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7 ...7.....7...7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7...!
Oh, I got it! How about saying something like, "Monica...
"...when I look back over our time together..."
Well, I can't do everything! Look back over your time together.
Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack!
I'm getting married today!! Ahh, whoo-hoo!!
Do you think he knew I was here?
This is not going to work.
You are so great! I love you!
Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
Y'know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Then all your stuff would be here.
Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I'm saying?
You wanted it to be a surprise.
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Can we come it yet?! We're dying out here!
Come in! Come in! We're engaged!!!
Hey, what have you guys been up to?
Oh, we were helping Chandler write his vows, but he kicked us out because Joey kept making inappropriate suggestions.
How is "Monica, I love your sweet ass," inappropriate?
How's Monica coming along with her vows?
Well let's just say its she's lucky she has a sweet ass, 'cause she's not so good at the writing.
I can't believe in four weeks they're gonna be married!
Well let's just hope it works. Y'know nine out of ten marriages end in divorce?
Yeah, you're right. How's the Mrs.?
I can't believe they've been together for three years.
Believe me, it seems like less because they hid it from us for so long.
Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in!
I've had a very long, hard day.
Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.
Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke--Diet Coke.
I don't know why they didn't just tell us.
I know! I mean it's not like we weren't cool about it.
Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
All right! Man, this is unbelievable!
I can't wait to be with you! I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname?
Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big...
Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!
Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!
I KNOW!! I KNOW!! I KNOW!
Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own
All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
Bye Chandler! I miss you already.
Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!
Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So...
Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
I can not believe he would do that to Mon-Whoa! Joey, do they know that we know?
Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything!
I couldn't even if I wanted too.
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Look, she's not backing down! She went like this!
He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?!
Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
I like that! Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em!
Joey! Wow, you didn't rip off any buttons.
You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
Okay, give me a second! Did you clean up in here?
Umm, not without you, lover. So, this is my bra.
It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy were gonna have all the sex.
You should be. I'm very bendy. I'm gonna kiss you now.
Not if I kiss you first.
Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
Here it comes. Our first kiss.
Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
Because I'm in love with Monica!!
Love her! That's right, I...LOVE...HER!!! I love her!! I love you, Monica.
I just-I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!
Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.
No! No! Wh... What are you doing?!! GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Y'know, you're friend's getting married, it's gotta change things.
You really think it would be that different?
How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they're gonna be having kids, and then they're just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they're gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership.
I don't want them to move to a Volvo dealership!
I'm sorry, I just...I like things the way they are.
Hey, who's this little naked guy?
That little naked guy would be me.
Aww, look at the little thing.
Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?
Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
Nono, that would be me again.
Well, we were just talkin' about you guys gettin' married and how great it is.
Yeah, you can get a Volvo. If that's what you really want.
So we both finished our vows.
Yeah, I don't hear Chandler's and he doesn't hear mine.
Don't worry honey, we'll make yours funnier.
Okay, what do you guys think?
I have never known love like this.
Dude! How-how did you write this?
I stole Monica's and changed the name.
If he goes first he can!
Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I'd take that bad boy out for a little spin.
Wait a minute! You let Ross drive the Porsche and when I ask you, you say you're the only one who's allowed to drive it.
Yeah, well he's my brother! And plus he drives so slow he could never hurt it.
It's a car Monica! Not a rocket ship!
Whatever Ross! Just replace the bulbs in the brake lights after you're done.
Saw the Porsche out there Mon, lookin' good. When do I get to take that baby out again?
I've never driven it! Okay? Not once! Okay once. Okay, I drive it all the time.
Nice work everybody! So much for the y'know, "You can drive it, but don't tell Rachel" plan!
Wow! I can't believe you lied to me.
Okay, I can fix this! Okay Monica, Rachel thinks all you can talk about is the wedding.
Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won't let you drive the Porsche is because you're a terrible driver. There! That wasn't about the wedding.
Look Rach if-if you want to go for a ride in the Porsche I'll be glad to take you for a quick spin around the block.
Yeah, you got a couple hours?
Whew! That was a brisk ride!
Take the top down did ya?
Come on Ross give me the keys! Monica does not know what she's talking about! I am an excellent driver!
You're fast and irresponsible. That adds up to a bad driver.
Well in High School, that added up to head cheerleader.
Did you see the look that girl just gave me? Huh? She must've seen me cruising in the bad boy.
I think she's checking out your beehive Ross.
Fine! Y'know what? It doesn't matter, because, if I remember correctly, there is a comb on the floor of the bathroom.
Chandler, we still haven't gotten an RSVP from your dad.
Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that's because I didn't send him an invitation.
Chandler! He's your father; he should be at the wedding.
I don't even know the man. Okay? We're not the close. I haven't seen him in years.
Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn't even asked?!
Well he doesn't have to know! It's not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
Ooh, I think I wanna trade circles.
Trust me, you don't want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
So what! As long as he's not wearing a white dress and a veil I don't care.
Okay, I think I need to do some shopping.
What do you think you're doing?!
There is no way I am letting you drive this car! So why don't you just hand over the keys?
No ah-ah-ah! Do not start this car! Okay! Okay! I will give you twenty bucks if you get out of this car right now!
Look Ross, if you're so freaked out, just get in the car!
What are you doing?! Get in the front!
Yeah! Sure! Ooh, I left my purse up at Monica's. I'll be right back.
What? Oh. Ooh. Whoa! That one kept going.
So! You and Phoebe huh? How long have you been going out?
Wow! Maybe uh, maybe you and I ought to get to know each other a little better.
Joey. Hey Jake, do you like the Knicks?
Me too! There's a game on Tuesday do you wanna go?
Yeah that would be great! Let me make sure I'm not doing anything Tuesday.
It's your suitcase. We're going to Las Vegas.
Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers-Think of the money we'll save!! We're not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
We're going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It's time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
Y'know we already went over this and I won!
No you didn't. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you're marrying me, you don't get to win anymore.
Look forget it okay? I don't want to go. I don't want to see him. I don't wanna.
Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know...
No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you'd have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y'know it's hard enough to be fourteen. You're skinny. You're wearing speedoes-That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there's your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That's a, that's a pretty great dad.
He had sex with Mr. Girabaldi!
Chandler, you're not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it's time that you let that stuff go. If your father's not at your wedding...you're gonna regret it for the rest of your life.
Yeah o-okay, but I'm just doing this for you.
So I really never get to win anymore?
How much did ever really win before?
Listen, you know how uh, when you're wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?
Well, when Jake did it I saw that...he was wearing women's underwear!
Oh. No! No wait, that's weird!
No, it's not! We were just goofing around and I dared him to try them on.
I'm wearing his briefs right now.
I think so too. And that little flap? Great for holding my lipstick.
Yeah, I wouldn't know about that.
And! Y'know what Jake says? That women's underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.
Yeah well next thing you know, he'll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I'm thinking even more than you.
Oh yeah, he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink laceys.
I'm just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity could walk around in women's underwear! I don't think you could ever do that.
Hey! I am secure with my masculinity.
You've seen my huge stack of porn right?
God. I forgot how much I love driving. I have got to get my license renewed.
You don't have a valid driver's license-Okay that is it! Pull over right now!
Oh Ross you're so tense! You just gotta relax okay? Just need to relax all right? Just need to relax...
What-what are you doing?! Are you-Okay that's not funny! Just stop horsing around!
I am not horsing around okay? I am Porsching around.
Okay, stay calm. Nothing is going to happen to you, you are not in that much trouble.
I was talking to myself! You're going down!
I still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.
No! No! I don't want him to know we're yet! I'm not sure I'm ready for that. And besides he's not gonna be too happy to see me either.
I don't know if I've told you this, but he's kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
Yeah, he's made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y'know it's all very Cats in the Cradle-I don't want to get into it. Here we go.
Ladies and gentlemen please welcome the incomparable Helena Handbasket!
Okay. Switch places with me! Switch places with me! Come on! I'll go under, you go over!
Yeah, I'll get right on that.
No Rach! Come on! No-no! Yeah, I'm sure we won't get arrested for this.
Hi officer, was I going a little too fast?
Can I see your license please?
Oh yes, absolutely! Y'know, it's weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a policeman. And then he uh...well I probably shouldn't tell you the rest.
Yes. Here you go Officer uh, Handsome.
Really?! You think so? Y'know, I had just rolled out of bed.
Well she should, it was taken ten years ago!
Y'know you're-you're probably wondering about the old date on there.
I knew it! I knew it, ahh....
You're not gonna speed anymore right?
And you promise you'll get this taken care of right away?
And in the meantime you better let him drive. Does he have a license?
I feel pretty. Oh so pretty. I feel pretty and witty and...
Believe me, I've been saying that for years. Oh my God!
That's Mr. Girabaldi playing the piano.
For I'm loved by a pretty wonderful boy! Hello! And welcome to the show. I see some of our regulars in the audience. And a couple of irregulars.
He's coming into the audience. He's coming into the audience.
Relax! You'll be fine. Oh much better. You're invisible now.
No-no I heard! I'm just sorry.
It can't happen like this. Okay? I'll meet you back at the hotel.
Oh look, a standing ovation already! So early in the show. Oh turn around honey; let me see your pretty face.
Can we have our drinks please?! Waiter-Uh, tress!
Check it out. How much of a man am I?!
Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.
Y'know, I'm beginning to see what Jake was talking about.
Yeah! And-and things aren't as...smashed down as I thought they were gonna be.
Yeah! And you have so many more choices than you do with men's underwear!
Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You've got cotton, silk, lace! And y'know what I've always wondered about?
Pantyhose! Y'know? They way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here... I should go take these off shouldn't I?
I think it's important that you do.
Chandler? What an unusual name! You must've had terribly fascinating parents.
I'm not very fond of New York. Queens I like. Ooh, what is this sparkle something! Honey! Huh?
Actually Monica and I are engaged.
Really?! Congratulations. When's the big day?
I see. Well, I wish you both a lifetime of happiness. So you're bald?
Wait! Wait! We'd really love it if you could be there.
I know it would make me happy, ma'am.
Well I wouldn't miss it for the world. Oh! I'm getting all misty here! You'd think I was having my legs waxed or something.
Yeah. Thanks for making me do this.
Before we go on with the show, I just want to say to the bride and groom how lucky they are to have found each other. In every life, a little rain must fall. Fortunately, in my life... It's raining men!
When I was growing up I...played the one on the far left.
Remind me to introduce you to someone!
What?! What does he want?! I wasn't doing anything!
Well maybe he saw your hand slip briefly from the ten and two o'clock position.
Maybe it's uh Sergeant Sagittarius coming back to flirt some more!
Do you know how fast you were traveling back there?
Ah no. I don't, but it could not have been more than sixty.
I mean you're not gonna give me a-a ticket for driving too slow are ya?
Y'know of-officer I uh...I had the weirdest dream last night...
You don't-you don't want to hear about my dream Officer...Pretty?
It's Petty. I'll be right back with your ticket.
Yeah! Much! Listen uh, not that I'm y'know insecure about my manhood or anything y'know, but I think I need to hook up with a woman like right now.
Y'know, you look familiar. Do I know you from somewhere?
Oh! Maybe it's because I'm on television. I'm an actor on Days of Our Lives.
Oh, let me get this. These are for you.
Do you realize this is probably the last time we'll all be here in the coffee house as six single people?
Why?! What's happening to the coffee house?! Oh!
Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the misses. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.
The young hot ball and chain.
Oh, where are you guys going?
We're gonna pick up the wedding dress then we're gonna have lunch with mom.
Ah. Joey you're-you're having lunch with my mom?
No, I-I just heard lunch. But yeah, I can go. Sure!
Y'know what? Actually I'm kinda glad they're leaving 'cause uh, I need to talk to you about something.
Well this uh, this may be a little awkward.
Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I'm buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
No, its...Its not that. Umm, now what I'm going to say to you, I'm not saying as your friend. Okay? I'm-I'm saying as it as Monica's older brother.
Not for the next few minutes.
During this time...are you, are you still my best man?
Do I still call you Ross?
Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn't be more thrilled for both of you, but as Monica's older brother I-I have to tell you this. If you ever hurt my little sister, if you ever cause her any unhappiness of any kind, I will hunt you down, and kick your ass! What? I'm-I'm-I'm serious! Come-Hey! Dude! Stop it! Okay? I'm-I'm not kidding here!
Hey, I hear what your saying, okay? And, thanks for the warning.
Okay. You won't believe what Monica's older brother just said to me!
I'm making a list of all the things that are most likely to go wrong at the wedding. Now, that way I can be prepared.
Well, so far I have uh, my bride's maids dresses won't get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don't have my something blue.
Hey! Those are all the things I'm responsible for!
I had to go with the odds Rach.
Hey! You guys! Remember that audition I had a while ago and didn't get the part?
Yes that's the one about the soldiers who fight in World War I!
Oh, yeah! Back then y'know, we called the Great War. It really was!
Well anyway, the guy they wanted backed out and now they want me! I start shooting today!
Wait! Wait! Wait! You can't start today! Today's the rehearsal dinner!
Oh no, I'll be done by then.
Oh. Well then way to go you big movie star!
I know! All right, I'll see you guys over there! I'm off to fight the Nazis.
Oh, wait Joey! We fought the Nazis in World War II, not World War I.
Whoa! Okay. Yeah well, who-who was in World War I?
You're gonna be late! Go! Go!
Who did we fight in World War I?
Richard? We're ready for you. Joey Tribbiani? This is Richard Crosby he's playing Vincent.
I'm doing my scenes with you?
Wow! I can't believe this! This is incredible. I mean you just won an Oscar!
I think I lost. Three times.
Okay! We're about an hour away from getting the scene lit. So uh, if you guys don't mind, can we run it a couple of times?
Okay, all right. Let's do it. And...Action!
We have to find the rest of the platoon!
Forget the platoon! The platoon is gone!
The platoon is dead! Face facts Tony!
So what are we gonna do?! We have no reinforcements! No-no food!
No, we still have food in the basement! I saw potatoes and some dry pasta!
Hang on a minute! Joey, you keep touching your face. Is something wrong?
No. Nope, I uh...I th-I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y'know? He's uh, he's a face toucher.
I don't think so. Let's take it back to Richard's last line. Action!
We may not have any weapons, but we still have food. In the basement I saw potatoes and some dry pasta, and a few tins of tuna!
Okay. Here's a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
I don't have anything like that, but let me go see if Rachel does.
Yes, include more people in this.
Hey, do you realize that at this time tomorrow we'll be getting married?
Wait a minute! I have a date tomorrow night.
I just, I can't believe that we made it!
Well you don't have to sound so surprised.
Well...honestly ever since we got engaged I have been waiting for something to, to flip you out.
Yeah. Y'know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I'll go all...Chandler. But nothing has.
Ohh, I'm so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it's really, it's made me stay calm. I coulda been worse!
Hi! If you're calling before Saturday, you've reached Monica and Chandler. But if you're calling after Saturday, you've reached Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Please leave a message for the Bings!
Hey Maureen! Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.
Hi! Oh you guys look so beautiful!
Wow Monica! Hey, just so you know I had my uh, older brother chat with Chandler.
Well I...I told him that if he ever hurt you I would hunt him down and kick his ass! What?! What?! What is the matter with everybody?! I am serious! I would kick his ass!
Oh honey! This is so exciting! I thought we screwed you up so bad this day would never come. Oh and just think. Soon there'll be lots of little Bings.
Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller.
So are you his mother or his father?
What?! I've never seen one before!
Dad! There's Ross , why don't you go talk to him?
I didn't even have a chance to act as though I'm okay with it!
It-it's so great to see you both here.
Yes! Although, I think we may be seeing a little too much of some people. Aren't you a little old to be wearing a dress like that?
Don't you have a little too much penis to be wearing a dress like that?
...of course you can kick his ass son.
You could kick anyone's ass you want too.
Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a favor and would talk to Chandler's dad and try to keep him away from Chandler's mom?
Yeah! But I don't know what he looks like!
He is the man in the black dress.
Man in the black dress... Hi! I'm Rachel! I'm a friend of Monica and Chandler's!
Can I have everyone's attention please? I'm uh; I'm Ross Geller.
Dad...dad, please! As I was saying umm, I'm Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I'm the best man. And uh, this marriage is doubly special for me umm, because not only is the groom my best friend but uh, the bride is my little sister. And, she's the greatest sister a guy could ask for. So if you'd all please join me in raising a glass to the, the couple we're here to celebrate. To the Bings.
All right, I'm gonna go steam my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure nothing happens to it?
Nobody wants to do it? All right, I'll do it myself.
Monica! I'm not gonna screw it up!
Y'know what? You're right, I'm sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for putting my grandmother in the cab and making sure she got to the hotel safely.
Well of course that is what I'm here for!
Oh, taking my parents back to the hotel.
What? Are you going back to work?
Thanks. Yeah, I figure if I wear these in my scenes at least I won't get spit in the eyes, y'know?
And if I remember correctly, Ray Ban was the official sponsor of World War I!
Great! All right. I'll see you later.
Uh, I think he's in Rachel's room. See ya.
She's steaming her dress, why? What's up?
What's up? Tell Monica I'm sorry. Tell her yourself!
Oh my God! Chandler just left though!
Yeah but, maybe it's not what we think. Maybe it's tell Monica I'm sorry I...drank the last of the milk.
Or maybe he-he was writing to tell her that-that he's changed his name, y'know? Tell Monica I'm sorry.
I think it means he freaked out and left!
Don't be so negative! Good God! Isn't it possible that Sorry is sitting in there right now?!
Okay. Phoebe, I-I think Ross is right. What are we gonna do?
Look-Okay, I'm just gonna-I'm gonna have to go find him and bring him back! Okay? You-you make sure Monica does not find out, okay?
Okay but if you don't find him and bring him back, I am gonna hunt you down and kick your ass!
I will, I will find him.
Hey Joey, could you uh, go through these lines with me?
Oh man! They-they just redid my make-up!
Could you uh, could you lower your script? I need to see your face so I can uh, play off your reaction.
Okay uh, look I know you're a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff...
But you're spittin' all over me man!
You know you've been spitting on me?!
That's what real actors do! Annunciation is the mark of a good actor! And when you enunciate, you spit!
Thanks! Okay-okay check it out! Picture? What picture? Eh?
Gunther have you uh, have you seen Chandler?
No. No, I haven't seen him.
Yes. Yes. Don't worry. Everything's fine. We'll uh, we'll see you tomorrow at the wedding.
Well then we'll-we'll see you the day after tomorrow. Mom?! Dad?! What-what...what you guys doing here?!
Well you kids talk about this place so much, we thought we'd see what all the fuss is about.
I certainly see what the girls like coming here.
The sexy blonde behind the counter.
Your mother just added him to her list.
Yeah, the list that-of people we're allowed to sleep...
Yes! No-no! I know, I know what the list is! Mom! Look if you see Chandler, could you just let him know I'm looking for him?
And if you see Rita Moreno, let her know I'm looking for her.
The picture of my wife! In your pack!
You went through my personal property?
Why do have a picture of Paulette in your pack?!
Because Vincent, we were lovers. For two years!
Oh you're awesome! And, in that last speech? You soaked me.
Here's your call sheet for tomorrow.
No! No! I can't! You gotta get me out of it! I've got plans! Important plans!
Ross said there's still no word from Chandler.
Oh but he did say that they found the grandmother wandering down fifth avenue.
I'm getting married today!!! I think I just cracked a rib. But I don't care because today's my wedding day! My day is finally here!!
Y'know she might not even notice he's gone.
God! Don't-We can't let her start getting ready! This is too awful! Oh God, but wait she'll be in the gown and then he won't show up and then she's gonna have to take off the gown...
Shhh! Stop it! Stop it Rachel! You can't do this here!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's just...It's just so sad!
Yeah, but you've got to pull yourself together! Monica can't see you like this! Then she'll know something's wrong!
I know. I know. Oh God. There's no tissue! Can you grab me some toilet paper?
Yeah. Oh, that's gone too. This is Monica's bathroom right?!
Oh thank you! Oh God! Can I have another one?
Sure. Do you need some floss?
Oh God I just can not imagine what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn't show up!
Oh, I mean she's gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be whispering, "Oh that poor girl." Y'know? Then she'll have to come back here and live all alone.
There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it's positive. Monica's pregnant. So I guess she won't be totally alone.
I know! Monica's gonna have a baby! Hey, can this count as her something new?
Hey, do you think this is why Chandler took off?
No, she had to have just taken that test because I took out the trash last night.
Oh God, this is turning into the worst wedding day ever! The bride is pregnant. The groom is missing. And I'm still holding this.
Okay Phoebe, we can not tell anyone about this.
Yeah, okay. Hey, wait. Do you know what kind of birth control she was using?
Just for the future, this is hardly a commercial for it.
No! I talked to Joey on the set, he hasn't heard from him. I-I-I talked to Chandler's parents again!
You told them he was missing?
No! I made it seem like I was just calling to chat. Pretty sure, they both think I'm interested in them.
All right, we've got to tell her he's gone.
Ross, she's gonna start getting ready soon!
Well, can't you at least stall her a little? I'll-I'll go back to some of the places I went last night.
All right, well how much time do you need?
Well how much time before she absolutely has to start getting ready?
Ross, you're tired. You've been looking all night. And clearly you suck at this.
All right, I'll see you guys later.
Okay. Wait, do you know how you're going to stall her?
Hey! Okay, so I thought we'd start with my make up and then do my hair.
Okay uh, but before you do that. I-I, I need you to talk to me.
Umm... I'm never gonna getting married!
Yeah you will! The right guy is just around the corner! Okay, are we done with that?
No Monica! I'm serious! Oh, maybe I should just forget about it. Become a lesbian or something.
Any woman would be lucky to have ya.
Well maybe it would make me feel better if I slept with Joey.
Excuse me, Aaron? Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn't supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It's my best friend's, and I'm officiating so I really can't work past four.
Joey, you gotta stay until the end. We can't stop filming just for you. It's not like it's your wedding.
Yeah, I-I just made up the stuff about the wedding because I didn't want you to worry about me. But, I'm having surgery today.
But you're supposed to work on Monday.
Look Joey, there's nothing I can do. Besides, you're probably gonna be out by four anyway. We've just got one short scene. It's just you and Richard, and God knows he's a pro. You'll be fine. Morning Richard.
Hey! You're here! Great! Great! Great! Let's get going buddy, we've got a scene to shoot!
We are never gonna find him! He's one guy in a huge city!
Oh my God! Is that him?
That is an old, Chinese woman!
He could be in disguise, y'know.
Aw, y'know...Y'know, maybe we're-we're just approaching this all wrong. If you're Chandler and-and you wanna hide, where is the last place on Earth people would think you'd go?
How did you guys find me? I knew I should've hid at the gym!
What the hell are you doing?!
Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I'm related to Monica. How is she?
She's fine. She doesn't know you're gone. And she doesn't have to know, okay? Now come on, we're going home.
No! No! No! I can't do that!
Because if I go home, we're gonna become the Bings! I can't be the Bings!
What's wrong with being the Bings?
The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
Chandler, have you ever put on a black cocktail dress and asked me up to your hotel room?
Then you are neither of your parents!
It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
I want to. I love her so much, but I'm afr...It's too huge.
Y'know, okay. You're right. It is huge. So why don't we take it just a little bit at a time? Okay? Umm, forget getting married for a sec; just forget about it. Can you just come home and take a shower?
Yeah-No-but-but-but-but! We're just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that's not scary right?
Depends on what you mean by we.
The nights are the hardest. But then the day comes! And that's every bit as hard as the night. And then the night comes again...
The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I'm sorry! I have to start getting ready! I'm getting married today!
I know. At dusk. That's such a hard time for me.
I'm gonna go put my make up on, we have to be at the hotel in an hour!
Oh good God! I've fallen down!
Okay. All right. Honey listen. When I tell you what I'm about to tell you, I need you to remember that we are all here for you and that we love you.
Okay, you're-you're really freaking me out.
We can't find Chandler...-'s vest. We can't find Chandler's vest.
How can that be?! Oh wait! Wait! Are you, are you serious?!
Found the vest! I mean we're gonna have to keep an eye on it, y'know make sure we don't lose it again...
Oh wow! Okay. Don't scare me like that okay? I mean for a minute there I was like, "Oh my God! The worst has happened!"
I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
Are you a little off today? It's going terribly slowly.
Look, my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I'm the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
Of course! I'm-I'm sorry. I-I'd hate you to miss anything like that on account of me. I can do this!
I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
Now, that can be arranged! Slippery little bugger!
So-so you two were married huh? What happened? You just drift apart?
Hey! Did Chandler show up yet?
Yeah, we got him back. Everything's fine.
Joey! The wedding is in less than an hour!
I know! I'm sorry! The guy's drunk, they won't let me go until we get this.
Oh my God! I'm gonna have to find another minister.
No! No, I'm the minister! All right, look-look, put 'em both on the phone, I'll marry them right now.
Ugh! Joey, I have to go.
Hey! Don't you hang up on me! I'll marry you and me right now! I have the power!
There you go. You put on a tuxedo! Now that wasn't so scary, was it?
I'm telling you, just a little bit at a time.
Yeah okay. Well, what's the next little bit?
Getting married. Okay. Okay. You can, you can do that too! Just like you've done everything else!
Yeah. You're right. Hey I-I can do that.
Okay, excuse me for a minute.
Ross, I am not gonna run away again! I just want to get a little fresh air.
Wait! Maybe, maybe you're overreacting! You do that y'know.
Well Phoebe, we gotta do something! Well, y'know. I mean there's no way Joey's gonna make it in time. So I'm gonna through the hotel and see if there's any other weddings going on.
Okay. Oh but don't tell them Monica's pregnant because, they frown on that.
Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It's a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because she had to pronounce those names. Luckily for me, they were written on a sign.} Congratulations. Mazel Tov! Hi! Oh, great hat. Listen umm, I need you to perform another wedding. Can you do that?
I don't know. Are they Greek Orthodox?
Yeah! Yeah. They're...they're-they're my friends, uh, Monica Stephanopolus and uh, and Chandler Acidofolus.
Hi! Hi! Hi. Has umm, anyone seen Chandler?
I thought he was with you.
He-he was with me umm, we're playing a little game, y'know? Hide and seek.
You can't ask us son, that's cheating.
You're right, thanks for keeping me honest dad.
Well, he better not come by here. He can't see the bride in the wedding dress.
As I recall when we got married, I saw the groom in the wedding dress.
But that was after the wedding, it's not bad luck then.
I know! Hey, how's Chandler doin'?
Great. He's doing great. Don't you worry about Chandler.
Oh that's sweet. Don't touch me.
Uh Phoebe, can I see you for a second?
Oh my God! Why would you play hide and seek with someone you know is a flight risk?!
Aaron! You gotta let me go. The guy's hammered!
I'm sorry Joey, as long as he's here and he's conscious we're still shooting.
You wouldn't happen to have a very big fork?
So I uh, I just talked to the director. That's it, we're done for the day.
Well have we finished the scene?
So I got your car, it's right outside.
Why? Are we done for the day?
No-no-no! We gotta go! Come on! Here we go.
You're not getting away this time mister! Unless you want that ass kicking we talked about!
Hiiii-Ya!! I'm serious! You're not walking out on my sister!
Then where the hell have you been?!
Yeah, I heard you and Rachel talking.
Know what-If somebody doesn't tell me what's going on right now...
Oh my God. Oh my God! And you're-you're...you're not freaking out?
Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of cigarettes...
Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that's when I uh, saw this. New York.) Yeah, y'know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can't be scary.
Well you obviously didn't see Chucky 3.
But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so she'd know I was okay.
Way to go son! I knew you'd find him!
Our little boy is getting married.
Oh look at you! So handsome!
You look beautiful mom. You look beautiful too dad. I love you both. I'm so glad you here.
I've never walked down the aisle knowing it can't end in divorce.
Oh I wish you're grandmother had lived to see this.
Not that old crow, my mother. Congratulations darling.
You look beautiful. Is this new?
That's my line! I can take it from here, thanks. Dearly beloved, I'm sorry I'm a little late. You may be confused by this now, but you won't be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well, let's get started before the groom takes off again. Huh? We are gathered here today, to join this man and this woman in the bonds of holy matrimony. I've known Monica and Chandler for a long time, and I can not imagine two people more perfect for each other. And now, as I've left my notes in my dressing room. We shall proceed to the vows. Monica?
Chandler, for so long I...I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I'd ever been looking for my whole life. And now...here we are...with our future before us...and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don't want to. You go!
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
Aw crap! Okay-uh...uh let's-let's do the rings.
We good? Yeah? Good? Once again, I pronounce you husband and wife. Now kiss her again.
I love you. And I know about the baby.
Phoebe found your pregnancy test in the trash.
I didn't take a pregnancy test.
Oh and they're gonna have a baby.
